

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-009105
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160421
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		161584273
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the year ended January 31
 2016



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    incorporation or organization)
    
    
    File Number)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer
    Identification Number)


25
Branca Road
East
Rutherford
 NJ 07073
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)


(Former
name or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)



Securities

 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 31
 2015
 based
on a closing price of $0.75 was approximately $9
772
493.

As
of April 18
 2016
 the registrant had 26
530
916 shares of its common stock
 0.00001 par value per share
 issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated By Reference: None.





    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.




    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
    
    

Item
    1B.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
    
    

Item
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

Item
    6.
    
    

Item
    7.
    
    

Item
    7A.
    
    

Item
    8.
    
    

Item
    9.
    
    

Item
    9A.
    
    

Item
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

Item
    11.
    
    

Item
    12.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

Item
    14.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules.
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

Included
in this Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;
Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after
the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS.

Our
History

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Mascot Properties
Inc.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;) activities since its inception consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
primarily related to student housing
 and services which included general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination
for residents. Mascot did not have any significant development of such business and did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack
of results in its attempt to implement its original business plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders
to look for other potential business opportunities.

On
February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey
in order to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units
(the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain
options to purchase an additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of
the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Inc.

On
January 24
 2013
 Mascot
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama&rsquo;s
 with Mama&rsquo;s surviving
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place
on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). Mascot acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of Mama&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing Mama&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Merger
 the Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders
became the majority shareholders of Mascot.

Immediately
following the Closing of the Agreement
 Mascot changed its business plan to that of Mama&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 Mascot received
notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 Mascot began trading under its new name
 &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc.&rdquo; (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and under its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.

Our
Company

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini emigrated from Bari
 Italy to Bay
Ridge
 Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old world Italian recipes that were handed down to her grandson
Dan Dougherty. Today we market a line of all natural specialty prepared
 frozen and refrigerated foods for sale in retailers around
the country. Our primary products include beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 all with slow cooked Italian Sauce.

Our
products are all natural
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna
&ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic
colors and preservatives that are used in many conventional packaged foods.


    
    


The
United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted
to the USDA and approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling
Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains
no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or
poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves
your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural
label.

Our
products are principally sold to supermarkets and mass-market retailers. Our products are sold in multiple sections of the supermarket
including: frozen food
 fresh meat
 prepared foods (meals)
 sandwich
 hot bars and cold bars as well as cold deli and foods-to-go
sections. Consumers can find our products at leading food retailers (supermarkets)
 including:



    
    
    
    
Save
    Mart 

    
    
    
    
    

Demoulas
    (Market Basket)
    
    
    
Shop
    Rite

    
    
Lunds
    and Byerly&rsquo;s
    
Stew
    Leonards

Giant
    Eagle
    
    
    
Stop
    &amp; Shop

    
    
Meatball
    Obsession
    
    

    
    
Price
    Chopper
    
    

Harris
    Teeter
    
Publix
    
    
Weis
    Markets

    
    
Roche
    Brothers 
    
Whole
    Foods

    
    
Rouses
    
    
    

Key
    Food
    
    
    
    

    
    
Safeway
    
    
    

    
    
Sam&rsquo;s
    Club
    
    


We
sell directly to both food retailers and food distributors. Some of the leading food distributors we sell to include:



Associated
    Wholesale Grocers
    
Monterrey
    Provision Co.
    
The
    Golub Corp

    
    
Porky
    Products
    
Tony&rsquo;s
    Fine Foods

Burris
    Logistics
    
    
    
Unified
    Grocers

C&amp;S
    Wholesale Grocers
    
Super
    Store Industries
    
    

Central
    Grocers
    
    
    
    

DPI
    Mid Atlantic 
    
    
    
    

Gourmet
    Guru 
    
The
    Chef&rsquo;s Warehouse
    
    


Our
ten largest customers accounted for approximately 81% of sales for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 80% for the year ended
January 31
 2015. For the year ended January 31
 2016
 we had four customers that accounted for at least 10% of sales. These customers
accounted for approximately16%
 14%
 13% and 10%
 respectively. For the year ended January 31
 2015
 we had three customers that
accounted for at least 10% of sales. These customers accounted for approximately 18%
 13% and 11% of our sales
 respectively.
We depend heavily on these customers.

We
have grown the number of food retailers (supermarkets) carrying our products to approximately 10
100 supermarkets in January 2016.
In the supermarkets that carry our products
 we sell an average of 3.16 of our stock keeping units (&ldquo;SKUs&rdquo;). The number
of supermarkets carrying our products multiplied by the number of our SKUs carried at those supermarkets equals shelf placements
for our products. We have grown the number of shelf placements to approximately 32
000 in January 2016.

The
Company continually reviews it accounts in order focus on maximum performance
 and as a result periodically eliminates under-performing
accounts.


    
    


Industry
Overview

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic Italian and are made
with high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 including
frozen
 deli- prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment of the meat department. The overall size of the specialty prepared
food business was calculated by the National Association for the Specialty Food Trade in association with Mintel Research at over
$109 billion in 2015 and has grown 22% since 2012.

Packaged
Facts
 a leading publisher of market research on the food
 beverage
 consumer packaged goods
 and demographic sectors
 projects
the overall sales of Refrigerated Meats and Meals to be approximately $31 billion by 2018
 up from $23 billion in 2013. According
to Packaged Facts
 this 5.5% implied CAGR is likely driven by trends including a focus on convenience and healthy and creative
new products. In addition
 Packaged Facts projects that retail sales of Natural/Organic Foods and Beverages will reach $53.5 billion
in 2014 and will grow to $86.7 billion by 2019. This implied CAGR of 10.1% is likely driven by the growing social and environmental
issues surrounding the interest in and health benefits of natural and organic foods. Technomics
 a consulting firm in the fresh
prepared foods industry
 projects fresh food sales to be $33.4 billion in 2017
 up from $26 billion in 2012.

Our
Strengths

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brand:



    
    
Authentic
Our products are founded upon Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini&rsquo;s old world Italian recipes.
    We believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current customers
    and will help us attract new customers. Additionally
 we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding the
    great taste and quality of our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
Our products are made only from high quality natural ingredients
 including domestic inspected beef
    whole Italian tomatoes
 genuine imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs
 natural breadcrumbs
 olive oil and other herbs and spices.
    Our products are also simple to prepare. Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 thereby providing
    quick and easy meal solutions for our customers. By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging
 our meatballs
    can be prepared quickly and easily.

    
    
    

    
    
Great
We strive to provide our customers with a great tasting product using all natural ingredients at an affordable
    price. Typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages ranges from $5.99 to $7.49
 and $5.99 to $8.99 for bulk products
    sold in delis or hot bars. We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent a great value for the price.

    
    
    

    
    
New
Since our inception
 we have continued to introduce new and innovative products. While we
    pride on ourselves on our traditional beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 we have continuously made efforts to grow
    and diversify our line of products while maintaining our high standards for all natural
 healthy ingredients and great taste.
    New items introduced in the last year include:




Five
    Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
Antibiotic
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Chicken
    Parmigiana Stuffed Meatballs
Gluten
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Chicken
    Florentine Stuffed Meatballs
Cocktail
    Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Grass-Fed
    Antibiotic-Free Beef Meatballs
Beef
    and Turkey Original Meat Loaves

Beef
    and Turkey Parmigiana Meat Loaves
Beef
    and Turkey Bacon Gorgonzola Meat Loaves




    
    
Strong
Many of our consumers are loyal and enthusiastic brand advocates. Our consumers trust us to deliver
    great-tasting products made with all natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website
    and/or social media channels. We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired
    enthusiasm for our brand. We also believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases
    and new consumers trying our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
We have a proven and experienced senior management team. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 Carl
    Wolf
 has been with us since inception and has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of food companies.
    Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company
    engaged in the development
 marketing and distribution of cheese
 deli meats and other specialty food products
 which was
    sold to Land O&rsquo;Lakes
 Inc. In addition
 the other members of our board of directors also have significant experience
    in the food industry.




    
    


Our
Growth Strategy

We
are actively trying to build our brand&rsquo;s reputation
 grow sales and improve our product and operating margins by pursuing
the following growth strategies:



    
    
Increase
. We intend to increase sales by expanding the number of retail stores that sell our products in the
    mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. We strive for product placements in the fresh and deli segments of food
    retailers. We believe adding shelf placements within the supermarkets that carry our products will increase customer awareness
    leading to more consumers purchasing our products and expanding our market share.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. We have an experienced sales staff and now employ one full time Vice President of sales as well as our Co-Founder
    Dan Dougherty
 Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Matthew Brown
 our President
 each of whom is involved
    with selling to
 and managing sales with
 major supermarket chains. 

    
    
    

    
    
Expand
. We currently work with approximately 35 retail food brokers. In December 2015 we expanded
    our broker sales representative network
 adding 8 within various territories and with specific accounts of focus. We intend
    to add additional food brokers in 2016 to increase our geographical coverage in the United States from approximately 60% in
    2015 to approximately 90%.

    
    
    

    
    
Enhance
. We have increased our social media activity with Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 and YouTube.
    We also engage with consumers through newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and special projects
 including a bank of recipe videos
    and contests and giveaways. Targeted consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in
    rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising will continue into the future in order to increase sales and
    generate new customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Adding
. Our market research and consumer testing enable us to identify attractive new product opportunities.
    We intend to continue to introduce new products in both existing and new product lines that appeal to a wide range of consumers.
    We currently have approximately 26 product offerings.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. The Company currently offers 12 product lines
 an increase from the original 2 lines commenced in June
    2015. The Company intends to increase its product line offerings offered through QVC.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. Increase the visibility of Dan Dougherty (Mancini) in the media as a product spokesman
 especially
    with respect to QVC. Increase auto-delivery and website use for return customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. Increase sales in the &ldquo;Fresh&rdquo; section (in the perimeter of the retainer)
    where there is significant sales growth
 over products in the &ldquo;Frozen&rdquo; section which are showing no to negative
    growth.

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Club
    Stores&rdquo;.



    
    




Our
principal products are meatballs with slow cooked Italian Sauce. We currently offer meatballs using the following meats: beef
turkey
 chicken and pork.

Our
current beef meatball products include:



Our
current turkey meatball products include:




    
    


Our
current chicken meatball products include:





Sauce
Products:





Our
pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic
premium prepared food category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than
those in the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility as we grow our
product line through the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages range from $5.99 to $7.49
and $5.99 to $8.99 for bulk products sold in delis or hot bars. Increases in raw materials costs
 among other factors
 may lead
to us consider price increases in the future.



None
of our raw materials or ingredients are grown or purchased directly by us. We employ one company
 JEFE to order all raw materials
or ingredients
 as well as manufacture approximately 95% of our products to date. JEFE is owned by both the CEO and President
of the Company.


    
    


We
are negotiating with several other manufacturers to supplement the services provided by JEFE. We currently purchase modest quantities
from other manufacturers. All of the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable
by our suppliers. We have not experienced any material shortages of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations
and do not anticipate such shortages in the foreseeable future.



As
of January 31
 2016
 our products are carried by approximately 10
100 food retail locations with an average of 3.16 different
items per retail location
 thereby totaling approximately 32
000 product placements on shelves in such retail locations. Our products
are sold in the frozen meat case
 the frozen Italian specialty section
 the fresh meat case
 the deli (in bulk and grab n&rsquo;
go pre-packaged formats) as well as hot bars and sandwich shops in food retailers.

Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their
own warehouses or to large food distributors. 

In
December 2015
 the Company increased its sales management efforts with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting
business with almost every major retail supermarket chain in the country. Currently
 all of our full-time employees and Dan Dougherty
sell our products directly to supermarkets and mass retailers. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are currently sold primarily in the
Northeast and Southeast.



The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings
and demonstrations
 in-store merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special
merchandising events with retailers and consumer advertising.

The
Company has also developed a brand ambassador program for consumer advocates of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Advocates receive coupons
hats
 tote bags and other incentives to promote our brand. In addition
 the Company has an active on-line and traditional paper
couponing activity and employees outside services to deliver coupons to consumers such as Coupons.com
 Ibotta
 Facebook
 newspaper
free standing inserts
 and on pack coupons as well as our web site. Dan Dougherty has been the principal spokesperson for MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and has made appearances or had article features including the Martha Stewart Show
 Entertainment Tonight
 Today Cooking School
New York Times
 Wall Street Journal
 USA Today and People Magazine.

Based
on the Company&rsquo;s metrics for determining brand awareness
 which includes market studies and analysis of consumer recognition
of the MamaMancini&rsquo;s brand
 the Company believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini&rsquo;s has grown significantly in
the past 12 months.

Investments
- Meatball Obsession

In
March of 2011
 we invested $27
032 for a 35% interest in Meatball Obsession. Meatball Obsession offers a fast service menu of
single-serve
 take-out meatball offerings. As of January 31
 2016
 we owned 12% of Meatball Obsession. Meatball Obsession has
expanded into 4 locations from the first kiosk that opened in March 2012 in New York City
 and plans to open additional kiosks
at universities
 airports
 food courts and other high pedestrian traffic areas around the United States. Meatball Obsession has
signed an exclusive supply agreement with MamaMancini&rsquo;s whereby Meatball Obsession will sell MamaMancini&rsquo;s branded
products as its primary menu selections. One of our directors
 Steven Burns
 serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Meatball Obsession.



The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged and frozen food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine
from all over the world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that
our competition is much more limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche
market
 there can be no assurances that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. We believe our
principal competitors include Quaker Maid / Philly-Gourmet Meat Company
 Hormel
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
Farm Rich
 Inc.
 Mama Lucia
 and Buona Vita
 Inc.


    
    


Intellectual
Property

Our
current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and three trademarks for
&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Meatball Lovers Meatball&rdquo;. The recipes
and use of the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company.

We
rely on a combination of trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also
use technical measures to protect our proprietary rights.

Royalty
Agreement

In
accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January
1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother&rsquo;s recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50 year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25 year extension
option
 to use and commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License Agreement
 Mr. Dougherty shall
develop a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Mr. Dougherty
shall work with us to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by us
 Mr. Dougherty&rsquo;s
trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products shall be subject
to the Development and License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License Agreement
 we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty
fee on net sales.

Supply
Agreement

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company entered into a five-year agreement with JEFE. JEFE is owned by both the CEO and President of the Company.
Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company granted to JEFE a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s
product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. JEFE in turn granted
to the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement JEFE agreed to manufacture
 package
and store the Company&rsquo;s products. The Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors
or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the
initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination
date. The agreement was automatically renewed in February 2016 and will continue to automatically renew unless notice of termination
is provided in writing by either party nine months prior to expiration.

Under
the terms of the agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in JEFE incurring
increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in JEFE being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials
in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and
shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging
of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse JEFE for any labor costs incurred
in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.

USDA
approval / Regulations


products


facilities




and inspection
and
inspections

sanitation
quality





Jersey




the U.S.
Department






state


2011
























We
are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory
program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this
program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.


    
    


The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto
 although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and
state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase
the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to
be adversely affected.

Quality
Assurance

We
take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of
our contract manufacturer
 we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging
and product specifications and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 each of our contract manufacturers is required
to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards.

Our
current contract manufacturer
 JEFE
 is certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety
and quality management protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food
safety and quality simultaneously. Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service
complies with applicable regulations and standards.

We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
or quality assurance specification packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required.
The quality assurance staff of both our contract manufacturer and our own internal operations department conducts periodic on-site
routine audits of critical ingredient suppliers.

Where
You Can Find More Information

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC.

Item1A.
Risk Factors

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently pay an administrative fee of $2
000
per month to JEFE which includes use of office space and telephones
 computers and photocopy and fax use. We utilize approximately
1
000 square feet of office space on a month-to-month basis. This space is utilized for office purposes and it is our belief that
the space is adequate for our immediate needs. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities. We do not
foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; The following table sets forth (i)
the intra-day high and low sales price per share for our common stock
 as reported on the OTCQB
 for the fiscal years ended January
31
 2016 and January 31
 2015. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and
may not represent actual transactions.




 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



The
market price of our common stock
 like that of other early stage companies
 is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations
in response to variations in operating results
 announcements of new products
 or other events or factors. Our stock price may
also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance.

(b)
Holders

As
of April 18
 2016
 a total of 26
530
916 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are currently outstanding held by approximately
142 shareholders of record. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name
of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

Preferred
Stock
per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder We have not paid any cash dividends to
he holders of our Common Stock. 

Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our
present intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
if any
 in our business operations.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more
information on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 5
 2013.


    
    


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities


11
 2015 and January 5
 2016
 the Company had multiple closing of a Units Offering wherein the Company sold Units comprising shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrants. Each unit was priced at $100.00 and the Offering produced gross proceeds
of $2
340
000. The initial 10
000 Units were acquired as follows: (1) 3
000 Units were acquired by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive
Officer on the conversion of $300
000 of demand notes then held by such officer; (2) 4
500 Units were acquired by the six directors
of the Company on the conversion of certain Convertible Debentures held by such directors in the aggregate face amount of $450
000
and (3) Of the remaining 2
500 Units
 1
000 of the Units were acquired by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (which were
later sold to an unrelated party) and 1
500 Units were acquired by an accredited investor. The remaining 13
400 Units were acquired
by 12 accredited investors. In the aggregate
 the Company sold a total of 23
400 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (convertible
according to their terms into 3
466
777 shares of Company Common Stock
 subject to adjustment) and Warrants to purchase a total
of 3
466
777 shares for a five-year period from the applicable closing date at a price of $1.00 (subject to adjustment). Additionally
in April 2016 the Company granted an aggregate of an additional 2
510
001 Warrants to investors in a prior offering. These Warrants
are for a term of five (5) years at an exercise price of $1.50 per share.

There
were no other sales of unregistered securities not already reported on the Company&rsquo;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q or on
a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

Plan
of Operation

The
Company plans to sell more of its products into new and existing food retail outlets. At the same time
 the Company is refining
its customer base to concentrate on more profitable accounts. Social media activity has increased with Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
YouTube
 newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and helpful consumer content and special projects including a recipe bank of videos and MamaMancini&rsquo;s
contest and giveaways. Increased consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in rebates
product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising has commenced to increase sales to existing customers and new customers.

We













Stuffed
Meatballs

Stuffed


Meatballs







 Cocktail Meat Balls
 Hearty Beef and Turkey Sauce
 Original Beef and Turkey Meat Loaves
 Beef and
Turkey Parmigiana Meat Loaves



service pack





Additionally

continue expansion into various new retailers with placement of its existing
product line of Beef
 Turkey
Sauce
 as well as Marinara
and Italian Sauce with beef flavors.


Company









network







2016 to increase our geographical coverage in the United States from approximately
60% coverage in 2015 to approximately 90%. Management

retailers
club
stores






    
    


The
Company currently has supply agreement with JEFE
 a related party
 which has been extended to February 28
 2017. This agreement
automatically renews for periods of one year unless otherwise terminated by nine months prior written notice. JEFE is owned by
the CEO and President of the Company.

JEFE
increased its manufacturing capacity in 2015 to meet the anticipated increased demand of the Company. Additions of high-speed
equipment and new production order flow have occurred. The Company also expects that its packaging costs will decrease as it purchases
longer runs of material and supplies but cannot guarantee that such packaging costs will decrease with the purchase of such materials
or at all. 

We
believe that MamaMancini&rsquo;s products have the ability to expand sales and deliver more products within several areas of consumption
by consumers such as fresh meat
 prepared foods
 hot bars
 cold bars in delis
 and sandwich sections of supermarkets and other
food retailers. In addition
 we believe that MamaMancini&rsquo;s products can be sold into food service channels
 mass market
and exported or as a component of other products.

In
addition
 since April 2015
 the Company has streamlined it sales
 and in the process has eliminated sales to about 20% of its
customers that had produced a negative profit contribution.

Results
of Operations for the Years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015:



    
    

    

 2016

 2015

    
12
603
447
12
010
268

    
3
597
227
3
206
728

    
(5
856
544
(6
956
918

    
(1
252
301
(310
286

    
(3
511
618
(4
060
476




    
Slotting
    fees are required in new placements with some
 but not a majority of supermarket chains that the Company does business with.
    They are negotiated with each chain depending upon the expected return to the Company. We believe that we have successfully
    negotiated such slotting fees to a relatively low expense. We have taken into account future fees currently being negotiated
    in preliminary negotiations for new placements. We do not believe our size or financial limitations are an impediment to being
    able to pay such slotting fees. Slotting fee costs are an expense in growing the business as are other marketing and sales
    costs and the Company has accounted for these fees in assessing its estimated working capital for the next 12 months.


For
the years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
 the Company reported a net loss of $(3
511
618) and $(4
060
476)
 respectively.
The change in net loss between the year ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
 which was primarily attributable to an increase
in sales and decreases in expenses detailed below.

Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 4.9% to $12
603
447 during the year ended January 31
2015
 from $12
010
268 during the year ended January 31
 2015. The Company has sold into approximately 32
000 retail and grocery
locations at January 31
 2016 as compared to approximately 37
000 retail and grocery locations at January 31
 2015. The reduction
of sales locations was done to eliminate certain unprofitable retailers. These actions have contributed to an increased profit
margin percentage.


    
    


Gross
Profit: 
 2016 compared to 27% for the year ended January 31
2015.

Operating
Expenses: 
 2016
 as compared to the year ended January
31
 2015. The $1
100
374 decrease in operating expenses is primarily attributable to the following approximate decreases in operating
expenses:



    
Stock-based
    compensation for services rendered by employees and consultants decreased by of $20
815 compared to the prior period which
    included stock options issued to the Board of Directors with grant date fair value of $136
587 which vested upon grant;

    
    

    
Advertising
    social media and promotional expenses of $779
000 related to a decrease in spending on our  radio advertising campaign
    and special promotions;

    
    

    
Professional
    fees decreased by $493
500 due to better management of this expense;

    
    

    
Trade
    show and travel expenses of $12
000 related to the members of the Company traveling and attending less trade shows;

    
    

    
Royalty
    expenses decreased by $13
000 due to changes in royalty rates in relation to fluctuations in sales;


These
expense decreases were offset by increases in the following expenses:



    
Payroll
    and related expense of $142
900 as compensation to an overall increase in personnel;

    
    

    
Commission
    expenses of $35
900 related to increased sales;

    
    

    
Depreciation
    expense of $115
400 due to new fixed asset purchases during the period;

    
    

    
Research
    and development costs increased by $6
800 due to the increase in overall costs for research and development during the year;

    
    

    
Insurance
    expense increased by $28
900; and

    
    

    
Postage
    and freight of $141
200 due to higher sales offset by better efficiency
 and higher shipping and handling costs for QVC.


Other
Expense: 
015 to $1
252
301 for the year ended January 31
 2016 as compared to $310
286 during
the year ended January 31
 2015. For the year ended January 31
 2016
 other expenses consisted of $555
071 in interest expense
incurred on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit and term loan with EGC
 the convertible debenture with Manatuck
 the promissory
notes and the related party notes payable. The Company also recorded $261
670 of amortization expense of the debt discount for
the Manatuck Debenture. In addition
 the Company recorded $55
471 of amortization expense related to the closing costs incurred
in conjunction with the finance arrangements. The Company also recorded $380
089 from a loss on debt extinguishment related to
the amendment to the Manatuck agreement in October 2015. For the year ended January 31
 2015
 other expenses consisted of $163
136
in interest expense incurred on the Company&rsquo;s previous line of credit with FGI
 $46
197 of amortization expense of the debt
discount for the Manatuck note and $100
953 of amortization expense related to the closing costs incurred in conjunction with
the finance arrangements during the year.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at January 31
 2016 compared to January 31
 2015:



    

 2016

 2015
    
(Decrease)

    
    
    
    

    
4
719
995
5
709
655
(989
660

    
4
780
980
2
745
534
2
035
446

    
(60
985
2
964
121
(3
025
106



    
    


As
of January 31
 2016
 we had a working capital deficiency of $(60
985) as compared to a working capital surplus of $2
964
121
as of January 31
 2015
 a decrease of $3
025
106. The decrease in working capital is primarily attributable to long-term debt
becoming short-term debt. During the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company raised net proceeds of $1
143
670 from the sale
of 23
400 shares of preferred stock and $775
000 proceeds from various notes.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015 was $1
260
259 and $5
007
364
 respectively.
The net loss for the years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015 was $3
511
618 and $4
060
476
 respectively.

Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended January 31
 2016 was $208
226 as compared to $316
831 for the year ended
January 31
 2015. During the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company paid approximately $208
226 and $316
831
 respectively
to acquire new machinery and equipment.

Net
cash provided by all financing activities for the year ended January 31
 2016 was $1
200
912 as compared to $4
637
550 for the
year ended January 31
 2015. During the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company had net borrowings of $650
000 for transactions
pursuant to convertible debentures in May 2015 which were converted to Series A Preferred Stock as part of a private placement
on June 11
 2015. During the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company received additional proceeds of $1
580
000 from private
placements of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company also received proceeds of $125
000 from related party notes payable. These
increases were offset by $10
021
 $449
477
 $120
000
 $138
260 and $436
330 paid for deferred offering costs
 net activity on
line of credit
 repayments on a term loan
 net payments of promissory notes
 and stock issuance costs
 respectively. During the
year ended January 31
 2015 the Company raised net proceeds of $1
180
003 from the sale of shares of common stock and $100
000
for common stock subscribed
 net borrowings of $1
186
394
 $600
000 and $2
000
000 for transactions pursuant to the line of credit
term loan and convertible note agreements
 respectively. These increases were offset by $174
211
 $214
636
 and $40
000 paid for
stock issuance costs
 debt issuance costs
 and repayments on a term loan
 respectively.

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operations of
$3
511
618 and $1
260
259
 respectively
 for the year ended January 31
 2016.


about our ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on Management&rsquo;s
plans
 which include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets with some additional funding from other traditional
financing sources
 including term notes
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital
requirements. The Company may need to incur additional liabilities with certain related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s
existence. In the event that we are unable to generate adequate revenues to cover expenses and cannot obtain additional financing
in the near future
 we may seek protection under bankruptcy laws. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;

The
Company may require additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve
its strategic objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
if at all. In that event
 the Company would be required to change its growth strategy and seek funding on that basis
 though there
is no guarantee it will be able to do so.

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 Management raised capital through debt and equity financings. The Company intends to utilize
the capital in order to further advertise and market the Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in penetrating additional distribution
channels.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements appear at the end of this Annual Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31
 2016.


    
    


Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)&#9;EVALUATION
OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b)&#9;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2016
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 it had material weaknesses
in its internal control procedures.

As
of period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small
number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation
we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not feasible to hire additional
staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether
improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.


    
    


Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)&#9;CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.

Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.

We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    

    
We
    will update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting
    processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2016 assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.


 2016
 we plan
to undertake the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.

    
    
    

    
    
Added
    additional accounting staff to further segregate duties and help the Company maintain timely reporting of financial results.


Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of April 1
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Altobello
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    


Carl
Wolf
as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Mr. Wolf was
the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a NASDAQ-listed public company
with over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy
component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publically traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay
 which was a NASDAQ-listed public company which ally traded
direct seller of spoken word through its audio book club and old time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from
2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University (Henry Rutgers Scholar) and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh
(with honors).

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown
through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served as the
President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business. He previously
worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous aspects
of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.

Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Lewis
Ochs
served as the Executive Vice President of Finance for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Effective September 5
 2014 Mr. Ochs was named our
Chief Financial Officer. Additionally
 beginning in January 2003 and still presently
 he serves as the CFO of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres
Unlimited
 overseeing all of the financial aspects of the company. From 1979 through 1991
 he also was an owner of Captive Plastics
Inc.
 a large molding manufacturer
 directly contributing to the overseeing of over 500 union and non-union employees. At various
times in his career he also acted as an independent consultant utilizing his financial skills including forensic accounting
 restructuring
of businesses
 and as a field examiner for lending institutions.

Mr.
Ochs received his B.S. in Accounting from the University of Akron in 1970.


    
    



In
evaluating Mr. Ochs&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in finance and accounting
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Steven
Burns
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves as the Chairman
of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Additionally
 beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works as the President
and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to day operations of the company
 which primarily deal with investments
and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality and healthy food services
 and healthcare technology.
Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he led the U.S. Health Insurance
Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial committees and boards of directors
throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in March
2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February 2001 as
Vice- President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from February
1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket Enterprises.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto
Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day to day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.
Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Dan
Altobello
 Mr. Altobello
 Chairman of Altobello
Family LP
 has been a private investor and active board member of several companies. From September 1995 until October 2000
 Mr.
Altobello was the Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc.
 the parent of Caterair International
 Inc. and LSG/SKY Chefs. He is a
current member of the boards of directors of DiamondRock Hospitality Company
 a publicly-traded hotel REIT
 Northstar Senior Care
Trust
 Inc.
 a private company that intends to qualify as a REIT
 Mesa Air Group
 Inc. and Arlington Asset Investment
 Corp
 a
principal investment firm that acquires and holds mortgage-related and other assets. From 2004 to December 2010
 he served as
a member of the board of JER Investors Trust
 Inc.
 a specialty finance company. Mr. Altobello serves on the advisory board of
Thayer | Hidden Creek
 a private equity firm. Mr. Altobello is also a trustee of Loyola Foundation
 Inc.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Altobello&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the areas of specialty finance. He also has experience in the area of food service distribution
 due
to his past position as Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc. His past and present service on multiple public and private company
boards
 including his service on the audit committee of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Northstar Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
provides him with comprehensive experience in the area of corporate governance that can be extremely valuable to Board and Company
operations.



    
    


Mr.
Altobello
 received his B.A. from Georgetown University in June 1963 and his M.B.A. from Loyola University Maryland in June 1978.

Dean
Janeway
broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational oversight
and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the largest
retailer- owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions of increasing
responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions. From
1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
whole sale wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and
his proven track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our President
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee&rsquo;s charter are posted on our website
 www.mamamancini&rsquo;s.com. Our board
of directors may from time to time establish other committees.

Audit
Committee

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits
and financial statements of the Company. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s primary duties and responsibilities are to:



    
    
Monitor
    the integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance
 accounting
    and legal compliance.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    the independence and performance of the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors and the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel.

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    an avenue of communication among the independent auditors
 management
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel
 and the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Appoint
    and provide oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Discuss
    the scope of the independent auditors&rsquo; examination.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the financial statements and the independent auditors&rsquo; report.




    
    




    
    
Review
    areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

    
    
    

    
    
Solicit
    recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Resolve
    any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting.

    
    
    

    
    
Prepare
    the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
 as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
    &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    other related tasks as requested by the Board.


The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities
 and it has direct
access to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain
 at the Company&rsquo;s
expense
 special legal
 accounting
 or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties.

Our
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Burns
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Altobello. Mr. Toto serves as the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr.
Burns is our Audit Committee financial expert as currently defined under applicable SEC rules.

Compensation
Committee

The
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required under
the corporate governance rules of NYSE MKT
 including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board
the Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee&rsquo;s
actions shall generally be related to overall considerations
 policies and strategies.

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee:



    
    
Review
    the competitiveness of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation programs to ensure (a) the attraction and retention of corporate
    officers
 (b) the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (c) the alignment
    of the interests of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and determine the annual salary
 bonus
 stock options
 other equity-based incentives
 and other benefits
 direct and indirect
    of the Company&rsquo;s executive officers
 including development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term
    incentives while focusing on long-term stockholder interests.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    salary increases and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and all other executive officers of
    the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve corporate goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve benefit plans
 including equity incentive plans
 and approval of individual grants and awards.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve employment or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President
    and the other executive officers of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and discuss with management the Company&rsquo;s CD&amp;A and recommend to the Board that the CD&amp;A be included in the annual
    report on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
If
    required by SEC rules
 provide a Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation to be included in the Company&rsquo;s
    annual proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the other executive officers.




    
    




    
    
Perform
    an annual review of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes thereto to the Board when appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Plan
    for executive development and succession.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve all equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto
 subject to any stockholder approval under the listing
    standards of NYSE MKT.

    
    
    

    
    
Recommend
    an appropriate method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated by stockholders to the Committee
    and
 as the Committee deems appropriate
 to respond to such stockholder concerns.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under the terms of any executive compensation
    plan
 incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    risks related to the Company&rsquo;s compensation policies and practices and review and discuss
 at least annually
 the relationship
    between the Company&rsquo;s risk management policies and practices
 corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices.


Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 and Mr. Dean Janeway. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino serves as the Chairman of
our Compensation Committee.

Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which
are required under the corporate governance rules of NYSE MKT
 including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are
qualified to become directors of the Company
 consistent with criteria approved by the Board
 and make recommendations to the
Board of nominees
 including Stockholder Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders)
to serve as a directors of the Company. To fulfill its purpose
 the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee are as follows:



    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the current composition
 size
    role and functions of the Board and its committees to oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner
    consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and make recommendations to the Board for approval.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 director selection criteria consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines
 and conduct searches for prospective directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    in identifying
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 nominees
 including nominees nominated by stockholders in accordance
    with the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on
    the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Before
    recommending an incumbent
 replacement or additional director
 review his or her qualifications
 including capability
 availability
    to serve
 conflicts of interest
 and other relevant factors.




    
    




    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 and make recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of
    directors to Board committees and the selection of the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the methods and execution of the annual evaluations of the Board&rsquo;s and each Board committee&rsquo;s effectiveness and
    support the annual performance evaluation process.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding director retirements
 director renominations and directors&rsquo; changes
    in circumstances in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding policies relating to directors&rsquo; compensation
 consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
As
    set forth herein
 monitor compliance with
 and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines and overall corporate governance of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    the Board and the Company&rsquo;s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation of the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Develop
    and implement continuing education programs for all directors
 including orientation and training programs for new directors.

    
    
    

    
    
Annually
    evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee&rsquo;s performance and adequacy of this Charter.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the Code of Ethics periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board
 if appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    requests from outside the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company&rsquo;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
    and recommend to the Board whether a particular waiver should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted.

    
    
    

    
    
Oversee
    Committee membership and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and recommend changes in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees
 and (ii) Committee reporting to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations annually to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding the position the Company should take with respect to any proposals submitted
    by stockholders for approval at any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Regularly
    report on Committee activities and recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    any other activities consistent with this Charter
 the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 as amended
    from time to time
 the NYSE MKT company guide
 and any governing law
 as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to
    the Committee.


Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Janeway and Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 with Mr. Janeway serving as the Chairman.

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.



    
    


Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 were timely.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015.



    
Principal
 Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
000

    
    
 110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
71
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
71
000

    
    
63
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
63
000




    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Ochs was appointed as Vice President of Finance of the Company on January 24
 2013 and Chief Financial Officer on September
    5
 2014.



    
    


2016
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END

STOCK
AWARDS



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
45
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    




    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013



Options
                                         were granted on April 26
 2013 and vesting is as follows: 50% vest immediately upon grant
                                         and 50% vest 18 months from the grant date.

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors.
Accordingly
 Mr. Wolf and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those
directors who are considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange receive
compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto
 Mr. Janeway and Mr.
Altobello are to be paid $10
000 per annum for their service as members of the board
 payable quarterly in Company common stock.

In
2013 and 2014
 our directors were granted stock options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
of $1.00 (&ldquo;Option Grant 1&rdquo;) and $2.95 (&ldquo;Option Grant 2&rdquo;)
 respectively. All such options vested immediately
and expire 5 years from the date of grant. There is no formal arrangement with our board of directors for the granting of options.
There is no assurance that the Company will continue to issue options to the board of directors or on what terms such issuance
would occur. Each director that was granted 10
000 options under Option Grant 2 subsequently cancelled such 10
000 options to
purchase common stock on April 23
 2014 in exchange for 8
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. In addition
 our Lead
Director
 Steven Burns is paid $2
000 per month for his additional services in that capacity.

We
also reimburse all of our directors for reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings. 

The
following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal years ending on January 31
2016 and January 31
 2015.



    
 Principal
 Position (a)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
27
317
    
    
    
27
317

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
 27
317
    
    
    
27
317

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
27
317
    
    
    
27
317

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
27
317
    
    
    
27
317

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
27
317
    
    
    
27
317

    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000




    
    




    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013. 

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term
of 3 years. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives
written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein.
Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2016. As compensation for his services
Mr. Wolf receives a base salary of $150
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In
addition
 Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject
to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to
receive Termination Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is
terminated in conjunction with the following:




    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
on
    
    
    


hout
    
    
on
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


For
    Cause
    
Termination
    
    
    




(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Matthew
Brown

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
for an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless
the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated
as set forth herein. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2016. As compensation
for his services
 Mr. Brown receives a base salary of $110
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible
increase. In addition
 Mr. Brown is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown
is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the
event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:




    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
on
    
    
    


hout
    
    
on
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


For
    Cause
    
Termination
    
    
    





    
    


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Lewis
Ochs

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Lewis Ochs as our Vice President of Finance for
a term of 1 year. Mr. Ochs employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written
notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date
 As of March 5
 2016
 Mr. Ochs may be terminated
by the Company on thirty (30) days written notice. Effective September 5
 2014
 Mr. Ochs was named our Chief Financial Officer.
As compensation for his services
 Mr. Ochs receives a base salary of $72
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with
regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Ochs is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part
of the agreement
 Mr. Ochs is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to
compete. Mr. Ochs is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Ochs&rsquo; Employment Agreement)
in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:




    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
on
    
    
    


hout
    
    
on
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


For
    Cause
    
Termination
    
    
    



(1)&#9;Termination
Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination occurs
prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common
stock as of April 18
 2016 (26
530
916)
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares
shown.



Name
    of Beneficial Owner(1)
    
Percent
    (2)

    
    
    

5%
    or Greater Stockholders
    
    

    
    
    

Named
    Executive Officers and Directors
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
6
900
150

    

Matthew
    Brown
5
457
471

    

Lewis
    Ochs
52
980
    

Steven
    Burns
1
290
099

    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
932
625

    

Thomas
    Toto
784
477
    

Daniel
    Altobello
213
105
    

Dean
    Janeway
288
104
    

All
    executive officers and directors as a group (8 persons)
18
543
183
    




    
    







    
    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power
    with respect to securities. In determining beneficial ownership of our Common Stock
 the number of shares shown includes
    shares which the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of debentures
 warrants and options which may be acquired within
    60 days. In determining the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity on April 18
 2016
 (a) the numerator is the
    number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity
 including shares which the beneficial ownership
    may acquire within 60 days of the conversion of Series A Preferred shares
 exercise of debentures
 warrants and options; and
    (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of that class outstanding on April 18
 2016 (26
530
916) shares of
    Common Stock and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon conversion of Series A Preferred
    Stock
 exercise of the debentures
 warrants and options. Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial owner has sole power to
    vote and dispose of its shares. The address of each of the holders is 25 Branca Road
 East Rutherford
 NJ 07073.

    
    
    

    
    
Figures
    may not add up due to rounding of percentages.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    shares are held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full voting control
    of such shares. Share total includes 5
385
333 shares directly owned
 740
741 shares issuable on conversion of 5
000
    shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 774
075 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full voting control
    of such shares. Share total includes 5
275
989 shares directly owned
 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares
    of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 107
408 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 7
980 shares directly owned and options to purchase 45
000 common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 21
313 shares held by Steven Burns
 1
029
434 shares held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 a corporation which
    is wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series
    A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 57
871
    shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 111
702 shares directly held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 604
070 shares held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    Revocable Living Trust 11/6/2009
 of which Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes 74
074
    shares issuable on conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on
    the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 35
372 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 649
105 held by Thomas Toto and 66
667 held by Thomas and Andrea Toto
 for which Thomas Toto is the
    beneficial owner. Share total also includes 33
333 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase
    35
372 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 46
623 shares held by Daniel Altobello. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on
    conversion of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 82
408 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants
    and an option to purchase 10
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 96
623 shares held by Dean Janeway. Share total also includes 74
074 shares issuable on conversion
    of 500 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option
    to purchase 10
000 shares of common stock.




The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred
stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Common
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At April 18
 2016
 we have 26
530
916
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide any preemptive
 subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled
to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.

Preferred
Stock


20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. The Company has designated 120
000 shares of preferred stock
as Series A Convertible Preferred stock. As of April 18
 2016
 the Company has 23
400 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding. The holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of
either percent (8%) per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder and are entitled to
a liquidation preference equal to $100 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. The Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock is convertible
 at the option of the holder
 into shares of Company Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.675 (subject
to adjustment) based upon the stated value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. There is also an automatic conversion
based on the occurrence of certain events detailed in the Certificate of Designation. As of the date of this report
 the Company
has 23
400 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding
 which are convertible into 3
466
777 shares
of Company Common Stock (subject to adjustment). Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to vote with Company
Common Stock on an as-converted basis.


    
    




Preferred
Stock
per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. We have not paid any cash dividends to
he holders of our Common Stock. As of January 31
 2016
 dividends in arrears totaled $66
992.


Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our
present intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
if any
 in our business operations.




 2016
 there are outstanding
warrants to purchase 7
311
785 of our common shares. All of the warrants are exercisable for a term of five years with 505
400
having an exercise price of $1.00 per share (which expire between April 5
 2017 and December 5
 2017)
 508
001 having an exercise
price of $1.50 per share (which expire between July 12
 2018 and January 17
 2019)
 14
000 having an exercise price of $2.50 per
share (which expire on October 15
 2019)
 3
959
999 having an exercise price of $0.675 per share (which expire between
June 10
 2020 and November 20
 2020) and 2
510
001 having an exercise price of $1.50 per share (which expire on November 20
 2020).
The aforementioned 2
510
001 Warrants were granted subsequent to January 31
 2016 to investors in a prior offering. 22
666
of the aforementioned options have been either cancelled or exercised.




purchase 508
404 shares of Company Common Stock. Of this amount
 223
404 options at $1.00 per share expire on March 5
 2017
 264
000
options at $1.00 per share expire on April 26
 2018
 9
000 options at $2.97 per share expire on April 30
 2019 and 12
000 options
which were granted in February 2016
 at $0.47 per share expire on February 1
 2021.

Manatuck
Convertible Debenture

On
December 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with
Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;) whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck
Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures
in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
restricted common stock. In April 2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock
were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued
the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32 and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.

Upon
issuance of the debenture and subsequent extension
 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer
as well as the value of the common shares granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the
term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method.
The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and $412
553 as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

On
October 29
 2015
 the note was further amended to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution
of the extension
 the Company was required to purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt.
In addition
 the extension reduced accrued interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
000.
The outstanding principal at January 31
 2016 was $2
540
000. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt extinguishment
applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190
483
and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating to this note of $19
106. These loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089
on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off of the
debt issuance costs of $19
106
 and the amendment fee of $170
500.



    
    


Optional
conversion to convertible preferred stock is available upon completion of a qualified offering (as defined in the Manatuck Purchase
Agreement) while the Manatuck Debenture is outstanding. Upon conversion of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company shall issue Manatuck
shares of common stock as defined in the Manatuck Purchase Agreement.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

There
were the following transactions since the beginning of the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 in which the Company was a participant
and the amount involved exceeded $120
000
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:

As
of March 1
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s is under a supply and management agreement with JEFE until February 28
 2015. JEFE is owned
by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf (55%) and by Carl and Marion Wolf (45%)
 all of whom are shareholders of MamaMancini&rsquo;s.
Matthew Brown and Carl Wolf are also both officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. For the years ended January 31
 2016
and 2015
 the company had a total of $24
000 and $48
000
 respectively
 incurred as other general and administrative expenses
between the Company and JEFE. These expenses included insurance
 freight
 travel and other general and overhead expenses. Such
expenses are the result of an informal arrangement between the Company and JEFE and no written agreement exists relating to the
obligations to pay the same.

JEFE
owned by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf and by Carl and Marion Wolf
 as discussed in the preceding paragraph
 is also contracted
to produce and manufacture food products for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Currently
 JEFE serves as our principal food manufacturing company.
For the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 we paid JEFE $8
381
441 and $8
907
380
 respectively

the manufacturing of products. At January 31
 2016 and 2015
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s had a receivable in the amount of $2
248
781
and $2
213
037 from this manufacturer.

Two
or our directors
 Thomas Toto and Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino work for World Wide Sales
 Inc. (&ldquo;World Wide Sales&rdquo;)
 a
perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
e President of World Wide Sales. Pursuant
to an informal arrangement
 the Company has agreed to pay World Wide Sales the greater of $4
000 or 3% sales commission on net
sales (sales less any promotions
 credits
 allowance
 and short pay) to supermarket chains headquartered in the New York Metropolitan
area per month. To date
 World Wide Sales has never been paid in excess of $4
000 in any month.

Director
Independence

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto
 Mr. Altobello and Mr. Janeway is an
independent director within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 and that each of them
is also an independent director under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition
our board of directors has determined that Mr. Burns is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable
rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange.

ITEM
EES
AND

Audit
Fees

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the
fiscal years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
 were $40
000 and 31
890
 respectively.

Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal year
ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015 were $0 and $3
500
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax
advice
 and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees
billed for the years ended January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015 were $5
000 and $10
000
 respectively.



    
    


Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures
    are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures
    do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.


Our
Audit Committee pre-approved all services provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)).

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 21
 2016
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
Carl
    Wolf

    
    
&nbsp;Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Lewis Ochs

    
    
Lewis
    Ochs

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the 
    
April
    21
 2016

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Brown
    

    Director
    

    21
 2016

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lewis Ochs
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    

    21
 2016

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Burns
    
    
    
April
    21
 2016

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
April
    21
 2016

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    



    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JANUARY
31
 2016

Table
of Contents



    
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Year Ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) For the Period February 1
 2014 through January 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Year Ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




FIRM


of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.


balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of
operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015. MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated Financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc. as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended
January 31
 2016 and 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements
 the Company has incurred losses for the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 and has a working capital deficit as
of January 31
 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




 New Jersey

 2016

american
institute of certified public accountants &#9679; center for audit quality &#9679; private companies practice section &#9679; prime
global &#9679; registered with the public company accounting oversight board



    
    



PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item
1. Financial Statements.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets




    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
587
422
854
995


 net
1
476
582
2
233
211

    
252
752
301
170

    
154
458
107
242

    
2
248
781
2
213
037

    
4
719
995
5
709
655

    
    
    


 net
1
047
455
1
124
745

    
    
    


 net
26
620
101
197

    
5
794
070
6
935
597

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
769
551
1
216
436

    
959
621
1
409
098

    
120
000
120
000

    
266
808
    

    
125
000
    

    
2
540
000
    

    
4
780
980
2
745
534

    
    
    

    
320
000
440
000

    
69
767
    

    
    
1
587
447

    
389
767
2
027
447

    
    
    

    
5
170
747
4
772
981

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 120
000 shares authorized; 23
400 and 0 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 19
880
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 26
507
516 and 26
047
376 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

    
14
954
928
12
766
116


 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 and 66
667 shares
 respectively
    
    

    
(14
182
371
(10
603
761


 230
000 and 0 shares
 respectively
(149
500
    

    
623
323
2
162
616

    
5
794
070
6
935
597





See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations




    
    

    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
12
603
447
12
010
268

    
    
    

    
9
006
220
8
803
540

    
    
    

    
3
597
227
3
206
728

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
107
632
100
864

    
5
748
912
6
856
054

    
5
856
544
6
956
918

    
    
    

    
(2
259
317
(3
750
190

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(555
071
(163
136

    
(261
670
(46
197

    
(55
471
(100
953

    
(380
089
    

    
(1
252
301
(310
286

    
    
    

    
(3
511
618
(4
060
476

    
    
    

    
(66
992
    

    
    
    

    
(3
578
610
(4
060
476

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
26
147
913
25
487
778



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For
the Period February 1
 2014 through January 31
 2016




    
Series
    A Preferred Stock
Common
    Stock
Treasury
    Stock
    
    Paid In
Common
    Stock
    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    February 1
 2014
    
    
24
187
375
    
    
    
10
993
973
    
(6
543
285
4
450
938

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
94
775
    
    
94
775

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
206
981
    
    
206
981

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for services
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
136
587
    
    
136
587

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued
    
    
1
620
001
    
    
    
1
179
995
    
    
1
180
003

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock subscribed
 66
667 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
99
999
    
    
100
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issuance costs
    
    
    
    
    
    
(346
192
    
    
(346
192

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issued for debt financing
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
399
998
    
    
400
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss for the year ended January 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
060
476
(4
060
476

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    January 31
 2015
    
    
26
047
376
    
    
    
12
766
116
    
(10
603
761
2
162
616

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
055
    
    
3
055

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issued for services
    
    
421
600
    
    
    
242
487
    
    
242
492

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cashless
    exercise of warrants
    
    
8
540
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issued for debt financing
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
39
600
    
    
39
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred issued
22
300
    
    
    
    
    
2
230
000
    
    
2
230
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant
    issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
241
769
    
    
241
769

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issuance costs
    
    
    
    
    
    
(678
099
    
    
(678
099

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred issued to settle liability
1
100
    
    
    
    
    
110
000
    
    
110
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred dividend
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(66
992
(66
992

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchase
    of treasury stock
    
    
    
    
(230
000
(149
500
    
    
    
(149
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss for the year ended January 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
511
618
(3
511
618

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    January 31
 2016
23
400
    
26
507
516
    
(230
000
(149
500
14
954
928
    
(14
182
371
623
323


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows




    
    

    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
511
618
(4
060
476

    
    
    

    
285
516
170
113

    
55
471
100
953

    
261
670
46
197

    
10
021
    

    
245
547
266
362

    
380
089
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
756
629
(1
203
579

    
48
418
(141
341

    
(47
216
33
269

    
(35
744
(840
001

    
    
    

    
290
958
621
139

    
(1
260
259
(5
007
364

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(208
226
(316
831

    
(208
226
(316
831

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
580
000
    

    
    
1
180
003

    
    
100
000

    
(436
330
(174
211

    
(10
021
    

    
650
000
    

    
125
000
    

    
    
(214
636


 net
(449
477
1
186
394

    
    
600
000

    
(120
000
(40
000

    
(138
260
    

    
    
2
000
000

    
1
200
912
4
637
550

    
    
    

    
(267
573
(686
645

    
    
    

    
854
995
1
541
640

    
    
    

    
587
422
854
995

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
488
682
132
803

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
241
769
171
981

    
650
000
    

    
39
600
400
000

    
66
992
    

    
149
500
    

    
220
000
    

    
474
835
    

    
110
000
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Note
1 - Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation

Nature
of Operations

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada
corporation. The Company has a year end of January 31.

The
Company is a manufacturer and distributor of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 and other similar meats and
sauces. The Company&rsquo;s customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and
Southeast.

Basis
of Presentation

The
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Going
Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company incurred
a loss of $3
511
618 and $4
060
476 during the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Also
 as of January 31
 2016
the Company had $587
422 in cash
 and current liabilities exceeded current assets by $60
985. These factors all raise substantial
doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. In their report for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2016
the Company&rsquo;s auditors have expressed an opinion that
 as a result of the conditions noted
 there is substantial doubt regarding
the ability to continue as a going concern.


raising additional funding from debt and equity transactions that will be used to support working capital and operational requirements.
Also
 the implementation of strong cost management practices and an increased focus on business development should result
in the elimination of the operating losses suffered and improvement of cash flows; however
 any results of the Company&rsquo;s
plans cannot be assumed. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and
the fair value of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.

Risks
and Uncertainties

The
Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations
are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business
failure.

The
Company has experienced
 and in the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected
to contribute to this variability include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic
conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii)
the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the product.
These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.



The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2016 or January 31
 2015.

The
Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial
institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts
receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require
collateral to support customer receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the
outstanding accounts receivable
 historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if
receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management.
The maximum accounting loss from the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
which is the face amount of the receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company
had reserves of $2
000.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016



Inventories
are stated at average cost using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at
January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015:



    

 2016

 2015

    
252
752
301
170


Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.

Asset
lives for financial statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
2-7
    years

    
    
    

    
    
    


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

For
purpose of this disclosure
 the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s
short term financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Stock
Issuance Costs

Stock
issuance costs are capitalized as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to
equity and netted against proceeds. In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In
the case of an aborted offering
 all costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the year ended January 31
 2016
and 2015 were $678
099 and $346
192
 respectively.

Research
and Development

Research
and development is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 were $107
632
and $100
864
 respectively.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company records revenue for products when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
(2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related
customer receivable is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products.

The
Company meets these criteria upon shipment.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Expenses
such as slotting fees
 sales discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
 January 31
 2016
 January 31
 2015

    
13
138
214
12
725
100


 Discounts
 Allowances
534
767
714
832

    
12
603
447
12
010
268


Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales represents costs directly related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. Costs include
product development
 freight
 packaging
 and print production costs.



Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating
advertising expenses for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 were $2
096
026 and $2
774
356
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation&rdquo;
(&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;) which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation.
It defines a fair value based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts
for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees
in accordance with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&rdquo;.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more
readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally
the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations.
Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.

For
the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 share-based compensation amounted to $487
316 and $438
343
 respectively. Of
the $487
316
 and $438
343 recorded for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 $241
769 and $171
981 were direct costs of a
stock offering and have been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

For
the years ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following
variables:



    
    
January
    31
 2016
    
    
January
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
1.42%
    to 1.74
    
    
    
0.26%
    to 1.67
    

Expected life
    of grants
    
    
5
    years
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-599.
The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does
not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

The
expected stock price volatility for the Company&rsquo;s stock options was determined by the historical volatilities for industry
peers and used an average of those volatilities. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable
periods.

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share

Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income
or loss that resulted from the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.

The
Company had the following potential common stock equivalents at January 31
 2016:



    
3
466
667

    
66
667

    
 exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50
4
964
734


 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97
496
404

    
8
994
472


The

 2015



    
66
667

    
 exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50
1
027
401


 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97
496
404

    
1
683
472


Since
the Company reflected a net loss during the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.

Income
Taxes

Income
taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo;. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes
in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.

The
Company is no longer subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2012.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016



Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The revenue recognition standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers
except for certain items. The new revenue recognition standard eliminates the transaction and industry-specific revenue recognition
guidance under current GAAP and replaces it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. In July 2015
the effective date was delayed one year by a vote by the FASB. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
 and
certain employee benefit plans would apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application would be permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company
has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not
 at the current time
 quantified the effects of this pronouncement.

In
March 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest - Imputation
of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt
issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs
are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein
the balance sheet of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the
new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle.
These disclosures include the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description
of the prior-period information that has been retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement
line items (i.e.
 debt issuance cost asset and the debt liability). The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-03
on the consolidated financial statements.

In
July 2015
Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2015-11&rdquo;). 
is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory
 which
includes inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within
the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in
the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. Subsequent measurement
For public business entities
 the amendments
in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-11 on the consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2015

The amendments in this Update defer
the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company
is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-14 on the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


In
April 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-03


 the amendments in this Update would require that debt issuance costs be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts or premiums.
The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs would not be affected by the amendments in this update. This
Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2014-250-Interest-Imputation of Interest
(Subtopic 835-30)
 which has been deleted. The amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 is not expected
to have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

In
February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;)
No. 2016-02
 &ldquo;Leases&rdquo; (topic 842). The FASB issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.
The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.

In
March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;)
No. 2016-06
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo; (topic 815). The FASB issued this update to clarify the requirements for assessing
whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely
related to their debt hosts. An entity performing the assessment under the amendments in this update is required to assess the
embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The updated guidance is effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.

In
April 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;)
No. 2016-09
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation&rdquo; (topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting
for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
 including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Note
3 - Property and Equipment:

Property
and equipment on January 31
 2016 and 2015 are as follows:



    

 2016

 2015

    
1
112
522
1
060
066

    
17
942
16
887

    
429
282
274
567

    
1
559
746
1
351
520

    
512
291
226
775

    
1
047
455
1
124
745


Depreciation
expense charged to income for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015 amounted to $285
516 and $170
113
 respectively.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Note
4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

During
2011 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This
investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus
the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.

At
December 31
 2011 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.

The
Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s ownership
interest in MO was 12% and 13%
 respectively.

Note
5 - Related Party Transactions

Joseph
Epstein Foods

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company entered into a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &ldquo;Manufacturer&rdquo;) who is
a related party. The Manufacturer is co-owned by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with
the Manufacturer to determine if the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity as defined by FASB ASC 810 &ldquo;Consolidation&rdquo;.
Based on this analysis
 the Company has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity but the Company is not
the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. In addition
 based on the
analysis the Company determined that the CEO and President of the Company is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest
entity and bears the risk of loss. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license
to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed
by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the
agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&rsquo;s products and the Company has the right
to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic
renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel
the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.

Under
the terms of the agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer
incurring increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging
or shipping materials in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost
for packaging and shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests
any repackaging of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer
for any labor costs incurred in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.
The Company agreed with the Manufacturer at the end of the last fiscal year that Company would purchase a minimum of $933
000
of product each month and that any amount below that sum would be a charge of 12% of that shortfall each month. In return
 the
Manufacturer obligated itself to offer the Company competitive prices and would not co-pack for other suppliers and would either
maintain or lower its payable to the Company each quarter. In addition
 the Manufacturer agreed to rebate the Company any overage
of gross margin above 12% each month.

From
time to time the Company will make improvements to the Manufacturer&rsquo;s facility. The improvements are capitalized and depreciated
over the estimated useful life.

During
the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company purchased inventory of $8
381
441 and $8
907
380
 respectively
 from the
Manufacturer.

During
the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Manufacturer incurred expenses of $24
000 and $48
000
 respectively
 on behalf of
the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses.

At
January 31
 2016 and January 31
 2015
 the amount due from the Manufacturer is $2
248
781 and $2
213
037
 respectively.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Meatball
Obsession
 LLC

A
current director of the Company is the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;).

For
the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company generated approximately $67
120 and $113
600 in revenues from MO
 respectively.

As
of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had a receivable of $6
512 and $6
768 due from MO
 respectively.

WWS
Inc.

A
current director of the Company is the president of WWS
 Inc.

For
the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded $48
000 and $48
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated
sales
 respectively.

Notes
Payable

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company.
The notes bear interest at a rate of 8% per annum and mature on December 31
 2016. As of January 31
 2016
 the outstanding principal
balance of the notes was $125
000.

Note
6 - Promissory Notes

On
October 31
 2015
 the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The
note is for a total principal balance of $358
832
 bearing interest at a rate of 10% and maturing in October 2017. The Company
is required to prepay the note 10% of the net proceeds received upon the closing of a capital raise
 except for
 those transactions
conducted with the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer. The Company paid $119
373 toward the outstanding balance
 a portion
of which is 10% of the net proceeds from the final closing of the private placement in November 2015.

In
January 2016
 the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note
is for a total principal balance of $116
003
 bearing interest at a rate of 6% and maturing in October 2016.

As
of January 31
 2016
 the outstanding balance on the notes was $336
575.

Note
7 - Line of Credit

Effective
January 3
 2014
 the Company entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Sale and Security Agreement&rdquo;) with Faunus
Group International
 Inc. (&ldquo;FGI&rdquo;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables
and inventory (the &ldquo;FGI Facility&rdquo;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three year term (the &ldquo;Original
Term&rdquo;) and shall be extended automatically for an additional one year for each succeeding term unless written notice of
termination is given by either party at least sixty days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof. The Company
and certain of its affiliates also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the Sale and
Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Guaranty Agreements&rdquo;). The Company also granted FGI a security interest in and lien upon
all of the Company&rsquo;s right
 title and interest in and to all of its assets (as defined in the Sale and Security Agreement).

Pursuant
to the FGI Facility
 FGI can elect to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&ldquo;Purchased Accounts&rdquo;) up to 70% of the
value of such receivables (retaining a 30% reserve). At FGI&rsquo;s election
 FGI may advance the Company up to 70% of the value
of any Purchased Accounts
 subject to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be
refunded to the Company net of interest and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate
on advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the prime rate.
Any advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility are due on demand.

The
Company also agreed to pay to FGI monthly collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts.
The minimum monthly net funds employed during each contract year hereof shall be $500
000. Additionally
 the Company paid FGI
a one-time facility fee equal to 1% of the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.

During
the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company terminated its agreement with FGI and paid off all obligations due at the payoff
date. Upon termination
 additional fees and accrued interest of approximately $48
600 were paid and included in the interest expense.

As
noted in Note 8
 on September 3
 2014
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (&ldquo;Loan and Security Agreement&rdquo;)
with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&ldquo;EGC&rdquo;) which contains a line of credit. As of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the
outstanding balance on the line of credit was $959
621 and $1
409
098
 respectively
 in relation to the EGC line of credit.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Note
8 - Loan and Security Agreement

On
September 3
 2014
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (&ldquo;Loan and Security Agreement&rdquo;) with Entrepreneur
Growth Capital
 LLC (&ldquo;EGC&rdquo;). The total facility is for an aggregate principal amount of up to $3
100
000. The facility
consists of the following:



    
    
2
150
000

    
    
350
000

    
    
600
000


EGC
may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net
amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the Inventory Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement)
in an amount up to 50% of finished goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material.

The
revolving interest rates is equal to the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A.
plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The
term loan bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A.
plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year
period. The Company is required to pay a one-time facility fee equal to 2.25% of the total $3
100
000 facility. In the event of
default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns are secured by all of the
assets of the Company.

As
of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the outstanding balance on the line of credit was $959
621 and $1
409
098
 respectively.

On
September 3
 2014
 the Company also entered into a 5 year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&ldquo;EGC Note&rdquo;) with EGC.
The EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of $10
000. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is
payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan
and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan
was $440
000 and $560
000 as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Additionally
in connection with the Loan and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer entered into a Guarantee
Agreement with EGC
 personally guaranteeing all the amounts borrowed on behalf of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement.

Note
9 - Convertible Note

On
December 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with
Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;) whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck
Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures
in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
restricted common stock. In April 2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock
were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued
the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32 and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.

Upon
issuance of the debenture and subsequent extension
 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer
as well as the value of the common shares granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the
term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method.
The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and $412
553 as of January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

On
October 29
 2015
 the note was further amended to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution
of the extension
 the Company was required to purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt.
In addition
 the extension reduced accrued interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
000.
The outstanding principal at January 31
 2016 was $2
540
000. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt extinguishment
applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the existing debt of $2
000
000
 wrote-off
the unamortized debt discount of $190
483 and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating to this note of $19
106. The
loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089 on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount
of $190
483
 the write-off of the debt issuance costs of $19
106
 and the amendment fee of $170
500.

Optional
conversion to convertible preferred stock is available upon completion of a qualified offering (as defined in the Manatuck Purchase
Agreement) while the Manatuck Debenture is outstanding. Upon conversion of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company shall issue Manatuck
shares of common stock as defined in the Manatuck Purchase Agreement.

Future
maturities of long term debt are as follows:



For
    the Twelve Month Period Ending January 31

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
4
011
429
    

    
    
    
    
189
767
    

    
    
    
    
120
000
    

    
    
    
    
80
000
    

    
    
    
    
4
401
196
    



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Note
10 - Concentrations



During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 16%
 14%
 13% and
10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2016
 these customers represented approximately 18%
 7%
 9% and 30% of total gross outstanding
receivables
 respectively.

During
the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 18%
 13% and 11%
of gross sales. As of January 31
 2015
 these customers represented approximately 23%
 12% and 15% of total gross outstanding
receivables
 respectively.

Cost
of Sales

For
the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 one vendor (a related party) represented approximately 95% and 95% of the Company&rsquo;s
purchases
 respectively.

Note
11 - Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)

(A)
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Transactions


 2015
 the Company amended its articles
of incorporation to establish the designation
 powers
 rights
 privileges
 preferences and restrictions of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;). The Company authorized 120
000 shares of Series A Preferred with each share
of our Series A Preferred having a par value of $0.00001 and stated value equal to $100 (&ldquo;Stated Value&rdquo;)
 as
adjusted for stock dividends
 combinations
 splits and certain other events. The Company analyzed the conversion feature for potential
derivative classification. Despite the ratchet features included in the conversion option
 the Company concluded that equity treatment
was warranted since the feature was clearly and closely related to the host contract. The holders of the Series Preferred A will
be entitled to (a) dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 (b) a liquidation preference equal to $100.00 per Series
A Preferred share
 (c) the option to convert the Series A Preferred shares to a number of shares of common
stock calculated by dividing the Stated Value by $0.675 and (d) warrants to purchase a number of common shares calculated by
dividing the Stated Value by $0.675 exercisable for a period of five years at a price of $1.00 per share. There is also an automatic
conversion based on the occurrence of certain events detailed in the Certificate of Designation. As of January 31
 2016
 dividends
in arrears totaled $66
992.

During
May 2015
 six directors of the Company entered into convertible note agreements with a maturity date of July 22
 2016 for total
proceeds to the Company of $650
000. In June 2015
 the notes were converted into Series A Preferred. Additional proceeds of $560
000
were received pursuant to closings that occurred in June
 August and September. In connection with the closings
 the Company also
granted warrants to purchase 1
481
481 and 179
259 shares of common stock at $0.675 per share to shareholders and the placement
agent
 respectively. The warrants granted to the placement agent have a grant date fair value of $84
547 which is treated as a
direct cost of the Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


    
    


During
November 2015
 the Company completed the final closing of a private placement with 11 accredited investors and issued an aggregate
of 10
200 shares of Series A Preferred and warrants to purchase 1
511
112 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds
to the Company of $1
020
000. Stock issuance costs of $132
600 were paid to placement agents yielding net proceeds of $887
400.
Of these issuance costs
 approximately $86
000 were pursuant to the promissory note agreement as discussed in Note 6.

As
discussed in Note 6
 during January 2016
 the Company settled an outstanding payable with one of its vendors by issuing a promissory
note in the principal amount of $116
003 and 1
100 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred and warrants to purchase 162
963
shares of common stock.

(B)
Common Stock Transactions

Common
Stock

On
December 19
 2014
 the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck Debenture&rdquo; as discussed in
Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted
common stock. In April 2015 the maturity date of the note was extended until May 2016. Upon execution of the extension
 the Company
granted Manatuck 30
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of $39
600.

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company issued 8
540 shares of its common stock for a cashless conversion of 22
666 warrants.

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company issued 421
600 shares of its common stock to employees for services rendered a value
of $242
487.

Treasury
Stock

As
discussed in Note 9
 upon amendment of the Manatuck Debenture on October 29
 2015
 the Company repurchased the 230
000 shares
for an aggregate purchase price of $149
500 which is presented as Treasury Stock on the consolidated balance sheets.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

(C)
Options

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s option activity:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
541
404
    


 2014
434
177
    

    
59
000
    

    
    
    

    
(104
000
    


 2015
496
404
    


 2015
496
404
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
496
404
    


 2016
496
404
    




    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
487
404
    
    
487
404
    

    
9
000
    
    
9
000
    


At
January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $0 and $219
332
 respectively.

As
of January 31
 2016
 the Company has $0 in stock-based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted
average remaining life of the options is 1.99 years.

(D)
Warrants

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s warrant activity:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
922
067
    


 2014
922
067
    

    
203
334
    

    
    
    

    
(98
000
    


 2015
1
027
401
    


 2015
1
027
401
    

    
3
959
999
    

    
(22
666
    

    
    
    


 2016
4
964
734
    


 2016
4
964
734
    



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016



Warrants
    Outstanding
    
    
Warrants
    Exercisable
    

Range
    of 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    Exercisable
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
4
964
734
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
964
734
    
    
    
    
    


At
January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $0 and $227
430
 respectively.

Note
12 - Commitments and Contingencies

Litigations
Claims and Assessments

From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of
business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe
will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.

Licensing
and Royalty Agreements

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of
the Agreement the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and
other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively
the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee.
Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for
the preparation and production of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and
License Agreement.

The
term of the Agreement (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;) shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period
beginning on each January 1 and ending on each December 31 is referred to herein as an &ldquo;Agreement Year&rdquo;.

The
Exclusive Term began on January 1
 2009 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
unless terminated or extended as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing
to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day
following the end of such Agreement Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least
equal to the minimum royalty (the &ldquo;Minimum Royalty&rdquo;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and
provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the
Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25) years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary
of the Effective Date.

The
Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor
due to a material breach hereof by Licensee that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
or until terminated by Licensee.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

Either
party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such
material breach within sixty (60) days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach.
The following termination rights are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement



    
    
Termination by Licensee
    - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In
    such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.


Under
the terms of the Agreement the Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:

During
the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &ldquo;Royalty Rate&rdquo;)
multiplied by Company&rsquo;s &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo;. As used herein
 &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo; means gross invoiced sales of Products
directly or indirectly to unrelated third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions
or allowances actually allowed or granted from the billed amount (collectively &ldquo;Discounts&rdquo;); (b) credits
 rebates
and allowances actually granted upon claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
&ldquo;Credits&rdquo;); (c) freight
 postage
 shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges
levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions
for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.

The
Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to
$2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.

In
order to continue the Exclusive term
 the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as
follows:



    
    

    
    

    
50
000

    
 6
75
000

    
100
000

    
125
000


The
Company incurred $271
880 and $ 284
861 of royalty expenses for the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015. Royalty expenses are
included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.

Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders

(A)
April 1
 2015

The
Company entered into a fourth Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective April 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company
shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination
of the Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000
or more is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of
$5
000 (as determined by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the
immediately preceding month) on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2016

The
Company upon closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by
Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year
warrants to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock
(and/or shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable
securities) sold at such closing. The warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the
closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the
Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price
thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein
with respect to each such closing.

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10
000. In connection with the Initial
Closing
 the Company agreed to pay an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157
300. The Company also granted warrants
to purchase 179
259 shares of common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $84
547 which is
treated as a direct cost of the Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.

Operating
Lease

In
January 2015
 the Company began a lease agreement for office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease is for a 51 month term expiring
on March 31
 2019 with annual payments of $18
848.

Total
future minimum payments required under operating lease as of January 31
 2016 are as follows.





    

    
18
848

    
18
848

    
18
848

    
3
141

    
59
685


Note
13 - Income Tax Provision (Benefit)

The
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following:



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
196
589
(1
376
168

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(209
051
(369
301

    
1
405
640
1
745
469

    
    
    


The
Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $12.9M and $8.8M at January 31
 2016 and 2015
respectively
 available to offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company
plans on undertaking a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization
of the net operating loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $12.9M and $8.8M
at January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2034.

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future
generation for taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant
uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation
allowance. For the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 the change in the valuation allowance was $1
405
640and $1
745
469.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain
positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position
must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to
as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo; A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of
tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation
to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.

If
applicable
 interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other
expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo; in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General
and administrative.&rdquo;

No
interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the year ended January 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. As of January
31
 2016 and 2015
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant
changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.

The
Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



Deferred
    Tax Assets
    
Year
    Ended January 31
 2016
    
    
Year
    Ended January 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
244
577
    
    
    
3
855
903
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
244
577
    
    
    
3
855
903
    

    
    
    
(5
160
554
    
    
    
(3
754
914
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
84
023
    
    
    
100
989
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    Tax Liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other deferred
    tax liabilities
    
    
(84
023
    
    
    
(100
989
    

Total deferred
    tax liabilities
    
    
(84
023
    
    
    
(100
989
    

Net deferred
    tax asset (liability)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
Year
    Ended January 31
 2016
    
    
Year
    Ended January 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other permanent
    differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income tax provision
    (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


Note
14 &ndash; Subsequent Events


Subsequent
to January 31
 2016

510
001 warrants investors in a prior offering. The Company also issued 12
000
options to an employee for services.


    
    















     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2016 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 21
 2016
    

    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    

Carl
    Wolf
    

Principal
    Executive Officer
    



    
    














     




EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Lewis Ochs
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2016 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 21
 2016
    

    
    

/s/
    Lewis Ochs
    

Lewis
    Ochs
    

Principal
    Financial Officer
    



    
    












     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date:
    April 21
 2016
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
Carl
    Wolf

    
Principal
    Executive Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
    













     




EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date:
    April 21
 2016
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Lewis Ochs

    
Lewis
    Ochs

    
Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
    











begin 644 img_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


CCTX'KC\J0^%=*'_


M/T4%[9*.;RVZ_P#/U'_(.1VZT?;['=_Q^6O3_GY3U]=WZ5Y5H-YX%U.XAT9=
M*T.#7H-/26[L8K*PDE1(Y%B$@GM#YCP%YH^&^0ED)&X*:[4^%](/R_V7II;J






 ?#T^MZCIWAO2H[G5KP*\<<-U;QS8ME7SV2*62Z*VZI,R
MN<LH/YL_L;?\%E?@E^U?H/C[Q#IG@CQ?\/;3X3QZFO7?B[3=-M?#6H0ZG=Q



MG[*K&E_
^7\'^5BA_P +!\$-P/%&C^O_ !]I_B/6A?'O@DNB+XGT4O(XCB4W



$


M:@#0) &32!@3@9K(
=[/_K'V1XRI'!W#@#@=


[08V&S;*PS
MMCWLA8^JKS@U=2DJ=.=16]R/-^*79=QQ7-)16[=N_P#E^9NR2)$ SL%!.T$^



7)WT



L,FQNYZ_+Z=/7%.CFN(GQ,X=2, 8Y#<8Y(] ?US0
M!K44U&W*#Z_Y]Z=0 4444 %%%%= !1110 4444 %%%% !1114R^%^G^0$@
MD] 






M^CAA9]HW10+
%8['50ZMY^*SO!8/FYKVBKVN[*UMUN]U^!]/D_!'$_$+ISRC


NLIX*^%/P\^



_94_;Z^+/P+^..G^-?&WB_4
MOB+X;UBVN;7Q=#J
M;3)KJ'Q_\)_B;X=\4^&6\#7L&G:?XD7^SM5TNW\.ROO#FJ:?GY]:6?4X[K
M39\\6%E?#^

M!D?\)%A&!CKZ$&OQ




M:33X&G_U@ 7_ (#]FLR/YUTB?='X_P S75+X7Z?Y'E#J***Q **** (9L;5W



M3O2;/2-)MK*RS)/+J&H2P0A)?W 5F=_F5*_@M^*OQ)_;^^*%M8?M.VOQ&UF#

\

L&(XHO#'@[7K
ML7

^.M4/B'QKX1\

WNM=IK2ZL]7$=C@9GF23K#76V7ASXFZ?



W=Z[QI
MN[_4_:3Q[_P5T_9F_9'\1Z1\)OB%;Z^VLVND6]UK$7@33(]6T/PMJ
PB1=-%

NWS5W;6
JX

)XZS^VE34NG\S2VVW[G^D?\

-Z9(TGQ#:.^_=&N9+6X;Y?FD52VTL&8*
!L5[Y








M







MO!?BV;#QG1_%&GW,C(Q4;BEG(9/+W.H.1MWN@/S%:_S+WP[XNCF\B]\%2G
M4+'RUU&[L_#FLK9HES&]QI#WISA8C)' &/:4Q\TO@;Q%\;/A)XKBUGX=:AXV

MZB3@E[WIHO/NO
WXH^C9EV$I+$8;-G4KT8\].E92=25XKEUL]5*3WOH?ZJ-M
M=VTI#)


MC2'78R)(QCO[J401E\*6NPILL$KE;AL-USW





MR\_\(K_P4D^'

OCKX?LM.D\9W-Q/K'PL6[T73XOB'I=CI'C?5TTR#





TJQ

MWV

-A
A(8KCZK^(?[)GP


MUAM'LM+T'6(/[0G\0Z^I_\ -_NV:R:[N$/I:LW\.*N:5K_ 
5=TF^\R?
MM%?#W^R?$FC#P-/:3ZQI^OZ=J.C^'[ZVU;2]!TJZM?#?F0V[ZM)8WZJWR@:?

MN1LZS^RQX9\

M-


MZ1?:38(-(\2^*3I8U&ZBF
ZNMJBQ




=7T

MNA37G]HZ;XF\4?#O7A(/BKX+T[[%?_V5XQWZ4FH^&]4\E?L^BPP6WFJ;O:W^
MG=?RV
S+;2W%JY1S*T



;#4+


S
M@W801LLC




M1^@8?Q*\$)Q6(J5O8XF#O3JV?[NI:U](MW2E+IHFKGY+7WQ2^-/A%O$]IHGP

M=7X2ZG=P:E\6OVD?BS\1-ED+!1





).'

MJ?PC\ Z1\
G^M?:JFJ%+#T_E^&GW6/YMQ#K
MXC%8O'XG^+B9.;\W.7,_OW_3HO0:***HYPHHHH **** *-^N^%!_TU4_^.N/
MZ_T[UGZK$@MV,D@CVDS[]H9_P!U&966)2<
[(C+C.=I;&3P;^H?ZJ+_ *[K


HJZO:^*+*UO\ 3&@M;M6\F[/EI*KPJ@E7]X(Y)4!VR,#
M^?OQ0_X),?\ !/?XRZ-#I]_^S]X TF.2..ZM]8\%VR^&[ZRCNX9E@N8K_1#'
M<2X7_EVN UH\ACE<&6(CYO

O6



62WV7LCVI$Y8Q-(L3)\5C\CS+VG^RV]GN]5M\



GD5
G_!


MYJR/.)-+35VTM?\ !W/K*'BMX(T

M*M

M=_\ 




MPC_X($?L?#?['J_B;P[K_Q+O+V
G]K^

MQ#
GWFI)JLVOZ</MJ+:W.DK^XU:<5


;P%^P?^PWX.O]UGP5^SS\%+?Q%H4QO\
M0=3TSPMIUSJB2VY\O[8MZ$-^\B)(0?/8Q[G4N^PU][Z7';QVZ):PQ6]JBA+



M)$TB1,
MGS/K\GA+X;_!/B9J/[5NM^$OACKUY9Z7X=\3:'HSKI=OXC\:ZK/I*6R:+/J

MVOP@@\)PQV-I/!/X9\0:OIF[SBQ$2VEN39I&=_F'RSN#1)MXW5]-^&?#?A3]





#SFVMO%WQ

MB2V\IHR0Q5!=9C+EE7&W


;7-'\2^(
M8)+M;J]_MWQM=Q6<T</J 6F)))3-)$!$Q-'YA)W*N?NO3OV;?&=O/=76G
M?'34M/UKQ1I4%C?7HT$PWLILC!++JD&G76KWUUIL?VW3M
3RY(D7=
NZ0
51

M!86%R_ED[2BR\%]HK)9+@DT[+1_UT

MJV[
/P+_ 

V\UX^KE[7R\


NR$W//92XG #[490-LAK]

MV$:N8NO6O94]N9J+LG=)MO5:?RWN7_#G_(O67_7#_P!F6NCB_P!4G^Z*YSPY

MQG.A98[
QQD@7#H7(VN+7SL





./ 9\3^,I-T
^*]-L[
M+X-R^'SK]MX)2;Q-J=IINC?$7P_H#ZQ_86AZAK%_HO\ :%S#$+9;MA[[I?BW


_NJ_0\H\8_LH?M[Z[XL\9:]\+OVA?<
M/@/Q/\6/%ESXX\



[:

MA[K


M'XP\ Z]J5AI6F^'-/L
ZG NLL\1

-UGSG]I#X0_M)_$_7?&_C.7PC\4=9G\
M7?##]D'58K73Y?#D/@_3/%7@7XM:=KGQ($.@7.DV&M6GB/PKHKQ:CHUH9FL&


MWPA;_$'09?&OAKXNZNNL:
UUXFU_5;^WO='%E;WBF]O;FVT*SU1#:']X;7[3



&Y4%E N&(!;[#^'GF?V/J&_\ Z&/Q
M)CT_Y#5]T_K[U]7A*2H82E3UUBEKZ+[]C\LSB_UZJI<K:DTW'2-[O9=.FEW;
MTL=PG4_3^HJ6BBMCR@HHHH **** *MY_JO\ @7_LK4R9F41;1ES'A1[G;_3/
M_PJEO5WI$/^FRG_ 

.??QF\#:QI-M/\ #/Q)K/CCP=X3T#PW+X
7Q?HW@F;P





M'X+UK7+/4M1;1]8N+K1+O4[1A9&VT#1;S5X##D(99(G) 05V_@7X\:5J9M[/
LGH[]9-
MW;9\YR^%_P#@H+\:_ _BS1/B_P%/'FDW%WKOQ;M-'\(6GB#X=_V//X<\2_#



U[1\+_C?\-/AWX8\0W_ (__ &P=!\6^&-/U

[7OM)ACD=JNXSL))[95+4_[9=Y








M!?B;\$OCVW_!+#PG\(M1\)Z_KOQ:TOQI\.6M9O#&E?;O$QLM#^+MEKEO\3-9
MMNI\0263-K=XH&/M=H3RS-C[T_:0_;?^&7[//B*S\)ZEI7B#QI\1=8M4GL/!
MWA
6.(-)N9HH;74_&^M:K);:5X*MK8RN@U'5O

MA_B3K%WXRU?P?\//A==:?X6\5S^%M

MP'IWV8._]H:C:ZO9Z7!



MG;VOGNGV?27D:
LL;+Z+!^S)^TI-\1AH?BKQ/\3+GPA\./A'X2M?A7XTTGPQ



M]TS4]6N[B7^SQ\S


\R




1


MX=^QI32Y:J7*H)J_
DVM%&RLU&U[6O9*K\'_ (*?M!?#;P-\*OB3X+^$'CVW


-/:W


M?_UZG_T-*Z2+_5)_NBN5\

=._8UU:=$_W!




MF'[5_PW[\'OV9M0M_&K:?K_P 4/C#K6G7FI^'/A5\
^''QO\ B_:^&/B)//'%IEQ<'0M(N_W1E;P]J5O]JA \T714J0 Y/XV_
MLY_M4?#_ 
;?$S4O$/[3'CGQ%\)+3Q9J?BG6_BS\4? NKSZ[X_\ B_87VH6L


/Q'_9A_:+E\.Z(;B7X+_$

*20?QF
8P





MM(.5V[=8P]3_ $-OA!^T!\'OCSI6GZY\-/B%HNNM-8&:+3;#4 VIVUI(]N;N
M#6=


M[7/T:MI+6::1+::&5$



M:_\ 

.H3:[XDBU2-N'&





@4LX (9@C*
@D'XR\6_!_P#:FU'Q3K6I

M@#\


M2[L;C1M0M]0=R+K5[^)XE2&XA*K LA


MC'\()-




U^DBK;09;_4M.!GG/4_#B^^


M?FN(]5FO);-]9N[O3+J&:YEU4


M;FNDW:-M_L'POX)\'^%;F_N/#/AG1]%GNL0WUYIFEV&F&[E&1&2U&^2/Y%.
M]L*S1@X)P1Z-:CYR?5/_'A_A7R]\(?A_P#'[PMK+3_$;XZZ7\3_  _!;M'9
MO











MX@TFU\&^#_'NN6WBWQ#_ 



MPVF







G\?SQ%_)_B*!^B5_4'_ 
&YW[86F6&G


M
_SJ7/A:[U#3=$N_$3/+J$T3.@6+S45[A'DN'F7/^I#@!CV9E'0U[Q^Q'\1-
M2_97_:L^#_QHTS4O/\'Z3KMQHWC_ $^TL+5]/?PEXCMI]*UY;G[7^[0_9YU$



/+!XW+/83HX


M)@L?U)8
JL'_ +W[*$M?J_\ T\O*-O[KG\_YI/BQ\._^9;:!XYF^$?Q?\4-
MXA70O$^ ;;5?/C9AJGBP:KITNB-=7-YX:.EFS^P1ZTI\C_ $CS3$T?[D35


MBK2?C[X$\;ZB?$/COQ-X

0E6

M]*R-:\








MOPY)8:EYKO:;8[ET1V5Y6YVQB-9%)[$CUKC_ !AXN\'V-UJ2^%_#SV++(RVS




M1V%S:V'_ ![3P1(Z.&']]FV'Z ^U?42Q]-T*6'P7PTE9?)6/R_(\NS'&9T\]



]
MJ_E'_P97_!0+XK?#/QYX$^'WC_ 


Z?%A1110 444R
M1MH!V[^<8X]#SS_GF@&Z^['_P!=5_\ 0'H.
@'N&'\JIWTTBPATC*&.17)X




1C:D:BA4K*2A4G%24)-VC)J2=^57M?9M']V2^B5X6XKA[*


?-7Y$?&#

M'[RR





MX]-!\)^(M2\
0W7C/4!XEUQ9H[V\N9;?RI1;6TJRW
.[^(B$-Q_LYQP*^QO^


-REF+:
1QS(RA0\
::_\ 'GX7^$-:70-;\2V4&KBY6TEM@?WL2R12S^8X
MZ;5





M;G& P//T(_K3ZKW#;1'[RJ#U[JWI[XJ9RY(RGMRQD_P?^9

HQ_]
MO








Z7

*/V7M+T


O%=7<47V7]X)+4(




MIEF9?+@V_P &756\SMMVD_-7V%KWA35='^#W@RZ-C+/K%QIZ7.L10W&9;6VF


1X?/&=O.X5[^)A4RJG1HX?^#BK0E_ADK_ *(.'\VEQ3GV+SO-
M
;_9&&P^&5? X/\ GM91A]U2_P CE9OB3X@AN9X]L&LO$S) L'W58*P# =/E
M4

M;SXYM_W3+(ZG '!SA&//0 USPP.7TY+ZQ_&Q3Y8_XI7?Z
]S


OQ_

D\U_!5X*2W\5^
H[6*YM
M4MWFGDED/5+?R9)9V7 QN$*NH]037Z??L5?M._$_]E3XZZ-K_P -9$N=)\3R
S?
M++V4HR2W35[V5O\ 0LT)F?3;1CMV[1C9_J_P]^OX?2NNA;^'T!/ZC_&N(\+3
MI+H6ESQA0LVE6=RQ51&CRSP03R*(ADKY)D,63C&,&NOLR'N


2]JL8OYSAS+];G^;3]O*5;GLEA
75P+5K75&4H-^MX+7]+%^BB



/%?A_P /:M?ZYXLVW$<<]O%=0K8R

VJ:;%IV4L]*'/


1AL1+
_;+VD).


[W1;&/3=/

F7%U?3_]
9Y&#/G^)TKT'X$^ _BC\=]7T/Q+KEQJEK\-_#FB
MK(U]$GV5[YEU-]D=I)U;3'MVN'D3O+' W\)-??OQ3^'?P7\-^$]
UFV\/VFJ



7.KD3P6


$A[VXU+]@KX)7UU:_9

M]B/Y)_Y=TO\  A:***1C]!]?Z&J\C;5SZG'Z'_K#]!]?Z&JLSA(V)[C Z]

M9+[







05BN[3K';_9WN


$$_LN.:]:'3;7_E^Q-#&R6G\<*S3<^3







.G\-&+J/TMR_G-'EYQF.(7L<-@OAJOD



M[;M?W\MJ!N4M?,:4V022&(/S]IVW9MY_L__ T\G?\ P5Z#??%ZT7P_I&



9QG!C;!]#UYK^0?
M_@E#\7=8^(W[6OP0M-6U6;45M_ VKQV\TEQD2Q1:0Q\@6W5#:_ZK?V^Z1\V:

M?Y'\/\_MO=_Y\?II_7H7PP)P




M\

M2=N_8_F;^&7QMU/6_$%_IWP\U_39KB[UO1=:\3Z'/X&T9KV;5_[-MH7M(M8^


M/XB:_P#%CXC^(O%WQ%U=/ .NZ
FDZ/9^'?$J7L6IZ):VZ26EQ'=VK?\ $NL;

M*#Y0C\YL



M?Q0^+.F^ 9(=6MM7NM2@M+;S(?[0TG1&4













FEB*

';NQOX[F.ZD!=A
MCES&@DNR/\ TG3%0RD@
P;


NI&CM%!D;*;XU8_







OR_%70?!OAZP\$_#72X[1_#MA8:%I

MRV%J=&\R7RH]0GD*RSPQL/\ F!6Q#P./^?EK0\XKY.^&&LZ1\+?$FN:)\2-%


#6;#28_G^FZPNBW#6[+IWB
M?:)0S3O\UN,_W3?\$5[.ULO^<?[/<5E\0=+^*$)TWQ1(WCC1[62QLO$$LOB
M[6'

DS3+O9U
HJ5::Q'*X*U.I*$:BA*\H

L5[RWMI)[KSOY:71]:P_?'T-6N

M_0?7^AJI.VQ =F_Y@




M:Z9)
]O*L:7#Q-);1LG]O_B-X)-'OEN+;?$MO-*T7E^;YWDPRR^7M[;MA.[_


MW:+7+OKK-Z7W3[:_MWA1XAXW@WV\*=5T
-6FG7JZOD@HM2EY622OKO;1;?R\


&[^2]NIOM.RXB2VN_W=VL<LOV7[.OSDR4?+$P'Y9_$G]E3]H_P

\P680JU?








MLKHX3./]IE24:/\ C5.Z_P#)8R/YU?'?P@^





!E'$V;5



M5R9H]/O[K]T%9U5A9CYVM(#MA;']PEB8Y7:9#DF-E]\?:KG^JY_$?CX3X8T
MS0VU+1'@TTC?06N3HVHRZ9I]QJ&G6[V\R7$

B3[@*JI&YEKVV






$DZC
M9%*:^'/CU_P3%_:+^)EC;I\6_#OPO^/
TDZ6UQXV^#7B*[^$GQ:TBY)=;WSH
M?%%O-X/^*1BD

/A

-]);_ 

MFD660?ZFOR[$\#Y#..
AA.'


M;_B1X3UGXQ^._!C3:OX2TKQ;X3%]+X85]+NXA';Z7HD?B;0=0NK1)72ZO-U
M58!(S'[*#(&2MXZU34?VFM)C34KKQ7^SQK?BW7+_ ,$_?QWX=UCXE:2EWX@



U7
ZE;WJV=CI5]




M?Q?XD_;4GA\#V$'[/7P1\71V?AZU?Q!X=USQ+YVB:5








M?K_0U6D_UI_ZYG_V6K559VVG/^T/Y4$R=HM]K?\ I43'F0-'LDC$D+2$S94L






M@Z2F9H@P^SA#(HDVO^+^G_!K]@Q]9MXI_'_Q9O\ 1!]I6YU!_ /]DZB\8AU2
M6&]BLN?L:&W33[
V?\?VH/G


O-5N[[]V;VYU)YVC6+]^9'#)A$DJJ-7(
/!T\-D_[MJS


MCK3_ 



MF&B69O66U']B:58_O-/N%2=XH]8E_P!'BMI;JS?Y[Z


!P/QQZ?Y/]YH&@LER[:;8F!7MA/8RV?$RY'[M3TWYP1R
M.%/7-?Z
_P#P0F2WM?\ @F!^S:EM$MO;_8/%PM[9(/*CMXAXV\0Y16^N.
^Y


MS7FKOF2/S7QHX'608?+N(?[25=9BH8#V32]YQLTEVMR7^1^R
/0?0_SJ7^/_



M%L9PARS)_G[?$G]L[XD^/_$VLZ]X_P#AQ\*3XVN/$SC7O$%O8^.?#NK+J^C7



^
M*^)X[P_$

1K^VT5+G2]/MCXC7[;8/#OE;41N\N6WMX@
M3]HK\RH8G

)


U3]


M5+;PZ]PL*NKQQH)%\QE?XK\2?LO0+X:T:6'5_P!HZXU34O%-YIKZ9X@\ Z-+
M!KOA9+[6-?OK@VO_  DF+U8['13*MMQNVB3I$*YZU_9IT.ZT;0)]1OOC[::'

T:=_^$D_XDWAI;Z#0GG@[7EM8?W:V^M8
MOKMUT9C6R'PWG&A%9.KR:7_)&^3\_+\#ZY7]I[]M.3QCI&@^)[G]C*RU+7?#


M/^$D_P!!GFU*!XQ*?]7#)








MU%KN^_RVU/LR[_:Y_PD%CKNC:=9?%G]E*?2;M)KC4M32W-@-%A&GQ:@^F:


ME7H?@KQ%\0?&][X#^$GA+Q?\1M=N=7U:UT?0M)TF]N?$NKZ+'.4LI-0LC_Q+

M

L5_S#X9TXS;J=*D:$?MG]-/_!*;_@H1^US^V'^T

OO&/BM-
\




JOIY?





+]N^-%YXCT

QF6?3-.


)3M^(TJG[K#&6BP1SV/)[5#+_P;A_\$_9%



B@2#XOJBD
WE_$

JJ%'F2E5O\ PXNZ
MYG;MHOF9TO%'PU]K!5,EER7O)*.K23=E=I7NE;5'\:4GQ*_:3^)7Q5NO!?P1
MUWX_:EJNN^($TSPWX \*?%'QEK2PRWKNTL$^K_VOJ']L6%I:K//<W_DKQ$@,
M@\S8_P#<9_P2Q_8?\4?LI_!ZRUKXK^-O'/Q!^-GQ M([_P :ZMXQ\3:]K5MX
M?M)WM[G3?N@6NJ-]GBMK58?]-G4&<7%LL:_NY)
_9OP&_8[_9P_9JL)+/X.

_4\4$


ZM#ZU2J8?_ )_1Y/Q3_P#;
M3V^&

M0?A?\


+;WQO\*/%WBKXZWK&I3ZQKVBZ+:6WBGPO<2OYZS/IVC7E_91Z
7N)X7 6


M&ZM5/^#9C3%EAN!^UIJQNX&#P
GPVL%


!;(-;\MQ


M*8V




$*



M%XOC:\TJ?QAXBU:'2=0LI;46]_J%QXD\Z_TQOMT,DFC:=_Q,)[J.TN(OW=I
M,:^Y)O\ @VT1V7/[7FN1JC!H@/AOHO[N3D*_P#R
G92P]P:ST_X-=O#LNKV
M=QK/[7?B74K))H_.^Q?#738[X0JP9Q:7L&LWDFESE RKJ(AVPAFCWAI@K=RX








/^)AO&'_HL9?\ @
?\



?V@?C'XCT2








M-0_: U[4?#_P]O/ 7B?P_K5M?+HJ3V^HZOJU[)?V
MO8Z==


?!WB'XE?8O%MUX/^&7A#P?XG\-/XFN[9#\(










\
M

MN_L][:'4I+I72)A

MQUH/CQ/%OC?X9^(=/^*
=S#?:EIFA:_?V&I:=XSACGC-CXG69K?Q/IC:YI+1
M$WR.G!6?_!+OQUHGPTB^&VC_ !-^'

MX%C*I4*RD^2:[^WY\ ]!U_0]-TWQ#)X]LO$UYHOV#Q/X#;2/$_@ZY6\^(G@S
MX-ZVDNL1R+BYLO%.NV\;QHX#Q4[PJXKY:UK_@GO\8_&/Q4L/VA_$WQ&^#=E
M\4?!FJ^&(?A_X8\)?[4=.^$

M-2XN-.0@7K8YCPK_ 


_P!+%[G368W
M










MU]'\0/!FG^'K/Q9JTL'B

3&!YBP;_5_-_U_7Z['




-OJWCWP=J7C#XO
MZMJ



@'VQX4\4:'XRT73O$GAO5K'7=$U:U%




M* BHY'*

MJ]MX2\/Z/HNK^(-6UN32BMNZ0Z9HUC?7$J$W&2\T*VB$*))1*8TD]F;4FGC;
M
#B)_.

'X4_;5_9UUKX\P^'O^$7\!?#

MN)U1V#RP1&@.7F]WOI_7W'T=XW^+'A/X=_#ZZ^*'CK6;+POX-T?3M-O]2O-0



MP07*)(A#E//8K@




MT;]B2&]_9(^


MNHKIOB[6OA;XO\
^$?$*:5)#)+/97NL:58Z180+%J#7*-!
;S4H+=KR*-X+6
M=D][E^*7@






M:WT36
MM=1[D D26U.XL1CC 0@DME@M=+7$^%M'TKPIH.G^'_#UG8:?I6@Z?
M8:1966F 1V4
5M;A(H0,( R (2VW())R:W4NY-H#XQNP/7)!P!G/O^5!B;





MC^H!Y/'.??=HH Q+'2FM/*(GR85


;]V/7&?YD_P#ZZDHH





M_P %-;WQ]X[\/^#_  U^SM\1I-4@L_AA#\4M*U.'Q+IWB7P#XJ^(MREJFDSV


M$B9VL!XGI?[%W[-VC:3XMTJT^&FAWMCXXTK6/#OB&'6(/[9G?P[K\\$NMZ+8
M7

M +.GA'7_ !H-
\.V]U\-M0T\7WC33=)DN[R:_OWMT?3)$$L$LJ747ZW:G^P[








MGV'B?4;?6_$UG:F

:MHVGVGC6R\-S:
M.=0EU6*43SVNJB&*'8\C5Q?P(_;N^
^O?&3XBZ?KNG#QQX6\.^#_ (Y^*-$\



MJ3ZAX@TBWG64FUM+W46GN&TU)%1I[R*4$M;Y *35GZ?Y&'^R;^T4/VB/ANWC

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHJ
M9?_3_( HHHK$ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHKH **** BBB@ HHHH


'M9# ;IE%UH/F01 @&5O^)_D*KE$..7'( KJ-7OF
MT^S$Z1-*7NK.U*B






?Q_F/XEUL %?!7B0$'/%WX:!Q@]IM9G!^D<?F'^$[0P/18C'W
M)?

JO\ Q^P[[620DC$49+% [@$(U=O:
ME0=R1 8VGC!_(L._4U?2VCC4)M+H,8!YP1QGMV)_SF@!KWMJ@
MRTPP3CTYY/HOIZ_A4?\ :-E_SV_4_P-2O;PL /(SSGH1V/O5:6W2-=\<*K)

M] :3^T;1N%NHICUVIR0/[QPW0=/J17PU^VE^WQ^SM^PKX%TOQS\=O%/_  CF


\\
MU*MS #S*HX_P]C6+H&LZ5XAL+?4M-F@N+*Y@CN()89O-5HIE#@@#H.G..X K



MD;OJ
X_&M0-$'(R.]+6.)7M62 MYJ;MPF]&S]SN.F3SQQGUK7!R 1W&: %HH


MXK7Q=;C/)



32'P1X96V S*[7&LRF//&]%[/G !)X#8[C$
M_POW#TO=A\3TCZ_TF5+A/.(QE*VB5_R\O,_5?[1&.H _P _P#UZ3[2A^ZH
YC ^95QGT(YY^E?
MEY_PW+XW'

\G




MMFORQ_;A_PN/[

VLS:/\9([M_!
MOP U14^Q^#_#VNZ3K.O:[X*^&OBRZY







MY9(I=5NB(F;8C


M/V+)_%XTR/5?%


%$(PE5BI8A2BX*7O)R6KNI<R^'FTV=E=.Q]X?O_@N-^V7!X^\*7?Q/\9^
M#O'/P_.MHWB[0]-\'#3PVG0LPGO89@
M)I*YU.&/^*6T1O\ EG7[A:/_ 
%#
M-1\4V=CXS\'W/ASXE_#OQ=\/K._L8M2L_L6O1Z1?^(K/POJ
^KR?\M-2OKG7




M\@)Y^9EKX\NOV-I[+Q%X2C\3_$*/3?7Q.^&LOB+PE\7[*TU:#PSJ.NZ78Z?
M;W'ACQ2)M7UULK^YGUB;1EU6[A6VBEF\IY5:Y1'YWQ+^R:GAR_^'%CXL\0W

M7WWTNQ
__'MQI@Z^;5JU2K-^Y&7-+TOO^*\SZ6AP7X083*L/EV98%9OBXTE2

MQ--;W4Q.B76+#5\VX .]B$_?01JOR&2OT&\'?\'(_[#&L3:%9ZQ8?$GPK?



U[8:#K0L=0;2@^B


RUT5_/U.[7HOT;^8I]1IV_ZY

M_4M_NS?^DTU8MO
MOIT

M7\P__!2/_@NUXL_91_:


&C\ZTOKS5)$%PPD:..4:1;N-YQ/&NZ*7QL9GN%I1G
M0@WSS3BM-+Z/OKL]S]0R;P?XLSW#8?'X)PI8.NHRG5D[^SC)7NTHW2NX[-VO


P .?E[@&O\W?QI^W;^U-\4;F9_'?
MQY^
.M

-F!@_




8KGM9\MVGVO

MV27_ )?+
Z$ZVC6G'F274



M3P3K
0O-(UW3+^*0;0;*]6XDP2/O1]1'G +] Q52?FY_S6?VE/VF_B#^TG\3





^O]#4E47^\?P_

MKEB77 XC:7 XK];/CSKLOASX3^
]5@8I-%H]U;(X_@-]$]EN/M^__/%?AG$@
MDBBM7CM+=Y(8=.F2/_6RSQV5^PO)/2)UD:V8_P!ZY7CU_(?$?-EAJN$P3VK2
%O#NEZ!I E8

M74_$-C?R6Z%U4


7

M]NM?\%?;JX

MT488H8F
B
G6?L[?\%COB/X:^+GAB\^)?A;X9Z+\.[^YFTC6)_!MKK\D^B6Y
MA:^BU.1=5/V?4(K=KD12V:?OG


.8[.:OS?\ VV_^CO@CX#^&-5^%WP4/A7Q
M%X\\0FT?4_LCZ]XXT+P&/L2W]R/$
WB

=!R02?8CJ37X#Z+_ 
%9_BEHRR?VU\
?@GJJQQV^

YYE65I;@!8VC-K(\R/%^83
MRFMB*T*F%_AJ5WZ6?^9^N8S@3B_*J%.$J7ME&.M+^=)?#^OR/V GO[*\.V*3

M2TL[:W7+J^H_P!KW1OLC\B03^;#]O:?K&DZII.GZK87&G:YI.L:1IFHP:E

9A


1*[\DWI^3/PGBK T

MS33^[_AC1N(X)8XX-\:SSQ111I*Y6&8
BL\$Z CSHIHE='A(;?G.T%=R_P @


MGVK6YN^UE_V]\SZC@K-




2:WXHQ




*3U]I)JZCIW49/_
M +=/Z-X?\=

M_K:7-[?PQ:A;W%I=V








MHKJ;T


XAN&:?=%Y4
BE&+ ''$4G7H5:
::J



M_!#7XT_'7]HC6OBW^S)-\

D;^&K]Q^S_\ W4/VVOB#\-_^$0A\#_C4/!


M4W_PB\5VGBVRTKP3\8_A/!XAN-:BU:]^Q:5\9_!::_K7A_4-8LKC[;8?V'XQ

ML'A?Q

M

MZZ[X/L/AM\)[;PYX:F\ _$VSU+6=?L_ FNZUH7A&WTG3_$-D=7OAK/AK4KQ;




ENDLAM)6A

72Q9V&WMV;=]_?N(Y[],YZ<U\!?\$Z_V*]!_8L_9Y\&_R+2= _X3&ULA<^


_?\/%ZR]0(&.?^!QU]
MQE.%^K4%4ZUU]UTG;7TU_ _C_CS.
OS7/ZM;!?!*JU%W3YDG-J5U=6=[15]K
S9I!Y*P7?F'SE
M@N6E%J7LO],#3((_W9DK\2\4YJGC<#4EMK2;]%.*_4_6/#Z5&-Y8BI[&C&:


TVX\2C_A'&LNADUJ



M


%([7XHP?HZ!?Q^;XLT








M]G'KBOVEA_UQ_P!UO_0;:OQ:_9:F2X^.7@&6&::Y@
?B 63[H?^P]2PG^]@
M,?H#7[2V_P#!_NC_ -%1U]IX9?\ ).R_[)?^E3/Y;\1/^2AA_V#P_)%RBJ]
MO_RU_PNAHK]#/BQ11170 4444 %%%% !1110 4445
OA?I_D 5POQ)?9X.




M;KE8CGP/PK\:/V-/#&L)?S:I\67OO#&ICP9HZW0\?ZF;R34/#@A#O9SXT;2+
M6S\/ZYY+13;8T\Q 1C-9/C/QM^R7:)X3UCQE8?%S3M



)HW
MCML.E];P0Q06CNPC$K%6PS+7D'P<_P"=_PHDT6Y;1_CYXQ\7PZ7XN^(7VW4
M]9L/LNHM)XZ^%]K\.M8L$D.,Z9;64NG:U9)G_5RIV7-<MX%^,_[_A;Q)HLE

M5'V*UU9;#3E)$UK+]NMU_L*1?++
NH





MN6VGMO+K8[$8::C6:=+FM-?W4G?;SY=F?62X9P&)HTI9='%NNH1GCW@^7ZRX

4-QY%_I&O+I-EJ&D7$

GV?3+C$YP@;;$3NF4GQ;Q+X[_X


/M
M5E&MI_[
_P#P2GN+:VNFT#]G^T%XL5O;6&HV?ACP]J
YBGB



_C_XT

G14%-M-23BU'6+3:M[RL






M'X_S-.IJ?='X_P S3JV

MMS8BE'O42_\ 2_\ (:5VEW/!_P!IG_DB?C[IG^RDQGU^TP5^)MUJ
&C6NH:S











MSU%;7



6TI\5\4UH/25+&_[I47\N(_Z=[-_P!Z

,/V@YO^DRZUJ6HV@N]T:Q@O+OQ+X;O+
M73[:]T_O;2V,NJ2O<]I(HDZR8KTOQ#^S]XTGX;_  PTO7_C2N@^$/!'BR^U
MGPOXRMM T^XO?MGBS6DU2SATY;3]XEA)=^'4F:0@H)8(5;EUJ9U\5*$HS^!J



\PVQ68_P 17N:_/OPG

MY^X65/\ EIQ]!? C]F72?@WXR\0^+=/\7:GXAOO%^EZ+IO\ 9VL0?9K'1_[$
MBDC800]KNY(#H.T7G#Z\RW^4O_29'AYED^40DYO
_;8R+BZ-+_GY44H6C\TY
MO_MT_0_]EN86WQO\$F.
)%J#ZU)GJ=T7A_58\?DQ_7UK]I+4@%%_Z9QG/T@@




/VB_B-X?;Q+X+_;U\/^
M+_#.J27#66MZ'\,?!4PALI52WLH&4$E;@22L'8A3D8&2:S?$O[WC#XJ:]+X
MD\??%7POXA\4KH-OH-_J^L?!CP)JM[?PZ9J^O10.T%U^Y2(B9'$JXD7:J(-K
MOCY#

!B







O9&'E1QZIHMK:V=J
MLQ

?#ZYUAO%$M
MPKQR:AK%Y*!J$L)/V


_;0

MFXKG3;7/:WOGU-??#K]M#4KE+G1/AA^RW+I@M[JQL;/PX^S1_%W@IC;NVD^*






$^7E;UO^


/\FJ







/6GB%17

GL#;H)(9&F6;,!4_-6G?\$J/A#ID7Q<M)?BG\1=
M3MOB=\6O_Q?M%E31+S_ (17Q!X2O-1GBCT.W&DV1U30-6T[6-1TO7; R
)#


MEE5KJ#4;;




QF^TSQ!8/\ \2]9)K<2


PN4LM0


]'_9]^#^E? WX


17K*.AA)'_?:?X_I7S-I?QP@N/&6K^'+1M*-OIEI9'3EB ^T:


M
TZH89/



7R?



M?X1?!#4/!7Q&_91^-MS\2O$&F:SJ


MX












O:_JM]X^N?$%MK.
MDV\%MX:TO2?[

M/
US%-%&


IBEUB.=).@FFT?4) 1[X1L?4U^S%I]^8



3V?R_-$;

MO_!3+2;3]HSQA^S(-3\5V'A7P!H&@6.I-X/\90^%+3Q1X\\0);3ZC8_$V_TJ

)M(A\9W][XFM(X_$FL'_ (1FTTB:QFTV[LS<
M@O*D,-M:G[1+#7Y96SK$RQ-95?@;:EZ??IK;_(_:^%_G@7/
OEC\RSB^(KP

T9[[3[C6]'E*7D5Q
_E9N-Z
$?

=NVY0/)?S9(OM& =L/F+@YK!_X*'_ +?VL:IK





_P#Q9\8?#KP[_;FN

)O-CES\L<<H_BKG_BY

M*


5UXS\*S6TL





MEM/W@ND2


MAU:))M?LG^U75_\ 89&A_L^ZCZ?V:XN&FDDZB6VMESAN/A_5OBKI_A
:_KGA

]I+B&Y5


M9_VF^$OAWXYN/$^C277@G4;
2ZX;-OM4&V;2X5NM5;[8ES_'&#&M]L[G6U;'



MV?Y7FU.

^?)CZ*


M&K&2Z3B_QM^K
ZLH0ISE4^*O+TNK_FCQ']I&/?\&/'0\SRF?3(1')L+[)4O
MK5X^F-N^153=GC?C&2*_C_:J/P=A_;$/AKX[?!C1OB)H?C[P]\/QX0\8:_X


M=Q:O)J.C:C;V/V;Q!;K:6-D)WM+_ 

MGH*?PXBE3C+TEK_D?7Y#QC6X3PSQN&I*M3@O:NE_.K**C\U4O\CZV^'EKX;^

(M1MHY-=\!:'8#2+QU*
MWL]0-[/%J<DS7JPQR1^4T<TSIU8_$8?#9/I1_BU\//V?^)TW^ESW5X[9C@Y
M*OA\K]C6K.


0E[YK](_!_[0/A[

M;:\1\=?$S6])\5WGP[\*7-[H.E1W-O:QVD47E-=0-&\T$+7(_P!:ELD7EF+^
M(D-_!7\ZX7

7=GI=IK6H: B6MF



S7D!1XUU_&J2$QY^9L-_!7PS\:!K^DZMH_\ 9XOKG5KNZBDM
MA%%YIA-M%/%:3



MC1F[XC5CCUP2.!7H/@FPU;P)\0O!GQ#\&W+Z;K/@K5=(U7[+;/LO[FSABNHK


H_C1C=&1DQRT:G




M3_&$3^


#\XC\
MJ#Y6!]\$X/ID=




Q2WH8:M45^ZIR





M3VL=B\:-=^'E_LFPQ9W S(3YSXD
(\ML[T_-KXI?L1_%3XPS77CG3_#FLZQX


MS?\ V]S2?_I)_1'T9
/B




M!*+7_EH(3+G]SQR/QC^*OQ;^%4W@_P#9;U?PQJ'V[P]J^G/X9AU&WQ%JL3W/

]4MM/\

'EM&GC.Z53]?U/[UX1SS
MBC
:F9Y;BLX_V;#QG3K_ /7M22?XJ)^3^AV^H/XLAT#4;%8WBO2^H:A]H^TV




M\7NG:E)XKM7COCK%AJ#[+G4A;[?LL\8.)#=?QA4#J5XW;@W5:[_X?:CJ=KXI


:G


M3)_-F7=XK\,KYC+VA]I;L6 [\^O3SSCK-.(LOPKQ']G8+!QH+$9=_S_I15


A&X-;QC[I85]
MK/\ #O\ 9[U)-$GL? _PEF1M

_P .

M]EM]9N-7U:ST^]-R\
B_\(V=EI;3+ C2?PRB%?XJ_#
HPT_[

MY?A:Y_$V8QKT



'M7ZR_M$^

M013N%F9_.MX
1%=SI^*OAGQY\

MFIW)^_Y9D6X9

3\./$VK_ !#.OZ3J.J:*SV%Y::5J


M?LR);Q1LJVPB_A9BZL


M64X+^UJ-2
X_7/Y%*

MK6TGTRTA6]O[B*\_?R2-Y:
M^0W;8PF+G/\ $BUZ1XXU+P[ILZ?;VTEE=KN:!(KSGRUR2S'^X7YQG)Q^-K
M]GCP1?Z-\0_'7B+QQ$OAVRTO3K*VT?3F?[4K.RQ^6QC[8B28A^WW?XJY?XN^
M&M6O/[8O]#US2?$







4P.I_#M@L?

UZ_!7/@^



M&5:ZIRMO[MO_  93_P?)/[;'CZ/X6_LO\ Q;\:2V



2:6
%#^!*M%3W^%*H__;8GZWB\BP=?Z/W$./J?[QA^+</4H[?$J5/S
M_PGD]^UEH?:?PZ^-6NZKX8@UJ[BT33KJZU
:1J-[XP\1^+M



M.%

M3:%!936\T6F7.+R
OY[NOF?*JJ5;YBM?&_Q1^(/@[Q#JWB&+3-2U+7-7UK7H

DH9(A
+G'S[5:1=O&=^[/RUQ7@*(Z_KN=3N+YAHF'2^


M5X[X)XQ7E=SKGC%_%EW;7]U=6.I7$
L=JMK)Y)N-[Q@13MWMV'S
O]]4/:D\


M^

GE2

M8.+59F!0R-Y;; R?NM8

1LM0U+
JW6J^(?#=MK#V4(E@6=+NZ





N[=K32M/D?54

MM]7O[

A\X\/_ ++O[?\ \.9;_P *

SM^%7_!0&ST!O'VN_$BST\R:QI7B:2VN-5C\VS@3R-0







R\1:[X;L/;1P3WGB5K#5WM@;RYMK(
MW(2^N;?3OXY+:/
Y3_EK%');?\MZ^YXO^5'QDUSQ-\*O^%:WGBC]HCP3\2X
M+_6_7Q&^'VJ)\._!WAC3;6$7NN:5XR62&Z_X0?5=.OX[9'A2SO9-0ACN+M;



M




M .B9*U:S[XX'TD)_*6CGA!.=3X(IN7I9K\VAK:7_7NK_Z9K&)J+O'I]V\:
MN76TD93'C*%()'#GGH#QW)R
#O7^;;\8-9\'W_Q#^*EIXD\+3WDFL_%'Q[:W

K_9=ZS'C3[I]O]
M\K971*?B%S_P'IDU_EQ?&#QGK ^+OQCN$E6ST=_B?XV%WQME66.#Q%?A S7

_1GHSKOCVC3J^Q







MUV77/!WAW3$C9;.]NA=Z-K6@_NY[=9=3C1;8?NI!)YQ^:W2OYQ/BG\#_ (H6


7VEM-N;N.
PV=I+WNX8R]LGJC2FO2/B?XB
MHU]:_O%FE$H(6^0@LQR4

S7ZV]J=:
*_?PA=?$[PQXTC76Y=(OO#%U&LVH7=G\DL7EN':<?\\][QEO


M-[-=WMO'YLL=P)8X@Z)V(#MACT/UKHK3QG?^&+.VEOT36!;&)8[R6W\G5[2W

MR?Q*5W$IU+88_=KOX/SOX[/\GC#XIXVCWNZ6)?Z
XO'?A;BG(/!GBR6
S/

M:0!U[C^@]:OI)O;IT4_S';FOZ)O_ )'^=L765.C]9M[1I+YV\O0FHHHH+(Y.

MT?48-:2_^
:2PCO598ED06QR!2R/YU\2/V[?ALUS<7WPZ^
/B
M#POJM_8Q6WB?Q+XS\;Z?K7VV&WDBBN[6&ZM=(L)/.BD\E8X&F9#''*3$6563

MVH6%Y;)'&FKV

^*G[:$NO^-$7PU\#O@WX=U.
M_P!/NO$/BRR

M-83!4I_VC5]C&

M_/\ G%OFI_-MO_MP^3?VF;K0_B;XLU[5(]2F%CJQM7TOQWIEO]K2_F_UKW-S

M^%EA@%KI9_X^-0N2\




M\'CK?B;7;O2;JS\9:U96$%@/M^)/+GD6Q:'^&-TADD
O9HD7^.NZ\3:-8:/\
M--!\3WEO\0-



MDLHM+M]6TIHW66U_L*0?\55OAF68R1_O'2%V' :OT# 0P638*KALT_A.E*-7


M_P#!%#3O&GPP_PF?PF^'GQ#L(]&\86?_:0ZMHPN+YFB:7P#XA:&5Y;7]


M
I^:):_IRT_&]B!L:2

MAC&


=UH6JZ=IMU97OQ \1WT]P=7TNUOXKL:A:@2K*+6
M&6-;5@$82
S?-&HKX?\ !OAG6_&GB'0] T:WOM3\0W4MM%IUCIUW%87D-SYD
IW%Q]F2S^UDAO\ 2<#EC7\@X?,L\<\8Z?UM
MS^O5N1X-MXKFYIO]P]5[6UW:_P /.]M3_?#CKAWP_P CQ6!D\HX AB\=5QGL
MXXR,%AG?#8%+V\5ROV+M*%[<JJ<B6MXG+7'BW]N*+P5;_$W^*/QDU+3+Q)U
MM/['\9^





&QXY\*_
MME^(- UK2/&Y\6WOAOQ!;6^KWSRZYX#MK#6M/BNK#5K&6.*ZL;^-+A)[2VF8

MM+
/X(5MY)2S=B /XL5ZC::K^W+J=EX@O-'^


M+O'WAGP@OC;3?$TFN67B+XA'3M:\!K'+K'BR&4V-YHJW?[N8+#%(-1C7
G[Q

GXSYYNT?7?MY/[SP





?A]K




C?/+%7WY


MYDE%%%(TJTR[C]#^0ZU9J.9ML;'VQ^?K1;FT[IK\&.+LT^S_X'ZG
:[&9=

M5YA;^)='N+S/SF[\22S^)VB/7^W=Y^Y7PW'^$Y\CR^.NN*MZ74G^+3[']!?1

7VFVFGZ?=


%V)(K.SGCM9?
MLQ5DQ'
MWF
1A4(9A\^2N.&:N#GE@\@1^9&T
DU[;QS0O&(KF[TMHX=2C$
G

CC\3_ +(_PF\3PB^3283+HGB_






\9AL7/

MN+_4I_&6O^)=3BU

L;E%+



^83VKKO#/[0UMH/PVL_ASKO[
/PN\
M6:39_;;2T\3ZSI/C)O%46FOKL^NF6XUK_A&_]'
?FII1C'/_ !+ W_+.O'/C

_D&18BD
C1\V)X;RZ3^LXC^-3:G'_%S17_MQWY)GN8TJDLOH_Q*

EP+F$ 0'^*
M8J9!M[IN/&*_KH_X(&?$;3?B:W[2VK:-I2Z?INE7W@Q69;?$LLKV.L.%UX



MCB\Q3$&D^T_NRK




]U%KUGJ$FK1VUMH]Q8ZAJ)A66VN9X


MN90LW4P.
_W7%1=E[+$/_GTVXS?]ZG$_8
!P;QEAZE.

KQE=THU,&_]JIM
M*;YZNU[16:7]UM=#[7\
?!_]E;4-=U+PA!^T+X
\8_#_P 4Z9J.C:/\*-0T


ZL;DG'F*C.E[7
./?A70?AE^V)J?@73/#OV2]
M\,#6(M\0V_V&WLKR[:/57LM;T'5-1E6)-_]K3W<ENJ1/#);/-<PRP_(OAG_
M ((/_6_@\1ZI+_P4.TCQ1IVIZU!+YF@^%[:#3UU?4DG:VTS_2O%NO1S79U




M]?V1A?2_%3XM1_%#XFOITWBSP7XK^


0%AJ%KI-A



MW;QM;R7^FPZE-IK?VAY&ARSI$QTNT^UCR_E\QC?[?G^TQ(!\NZOH1#CR%]=Y





M7FIZC\!_#$5SJ
S7$]OI6JZMI=M'(Y))^RV=[8V:/\Q!6
EN?EC*Y9?R'&^%



ME&64
F1/MG7[2?#9WK%ISV$FP<'9NZ+BHK[]O3Q+


42_.;:6[




M'MAJNIVD%I%J6G6^)[:?1]8\17'F7%S_ 
(W\ZF-'5TXR[*P^Z17]1$G_!)+
M]@@D.?@-I&PC QXAUI.3SU_X2 'H.F/Y5 __  20_8&D&!\ ]*?!SC_A)M;'
MJ

;BJA@9%=6WA< J21]F:6L%K EKO)
M* $




M 
(L_P!N\9:-IL$[WMEH6LZ3]ML/[6GTZ[AM#9:AYS!8X/(\MOM!9.DUK]MF



CID$/AOER-V?F









1VPJ^'@V7-]G_C



M !':G]O@Z7+]K_C
)+3YJW8_A0L?V[/A_P$_!]_:^? _[54'BV[U;Q3J::


T



M-

SAY
Q^*\5<59UQ9CWC\QU;DG-VY4H<S:BE=MI2E=MZMN[V25[^#_@/
M]*8G4_3^HIP^Y^#?UIJ=3]/ZBO6E\+]/\CPX_O3_
EHHHK$H*@E^^GT/]:G


SQR%8IVE-I'

G^@9/;VLI^9(G.
L)!P!CDG(Z@X P.AXK
%E9JY

M'IVQVS7S57@G!3DFGN]$]'K?IIY]?0_7L#X\XZA1=/
^'XYCB&N59A]9E@Y4
M6_\ EZL2D_86LU[3IS\OVS^(7X!2?LI7.DSR?'S]@K]K3POXGM[71M**:!\-

K_ /8BT?4=
N=?
M_9$_;0\.6&@:#I5WHUW9?#KXR36JW




MO&


M27B3M




;_X





M_ /P5XD^)OPX^


NK7!U..Z
MBL4$+122O%[;'_P45_90?Q!H6@P_$C[7;^(+;P-J$WB&QLM9?1]
7XKPWE[\



M5/[ -X8M/MM7\0GS=5OK&*;3;F)O.BY?1?\ @G%\$])L=#U72/'7C?2_$W@[

(HY$CLRJR!&
M8285]^TKJWP-\':3X@_:=T_P)X/UCQ5K5IH'@31?A[XB7Q./%FLSZ'=ZUXCT


M;6^@S:1XJTR33K+6]


/$WA#7[/Q!X&\3Z\G@6XO?!FH

[K_A%_#7@/4-/TOQ=J/BO4K-39
M:3INDW.IVUK=:KE1!-=6T0.9P#J1?\%&O@5%XD^




M


M(KN?P3HT


9L;7P_'-I

NGF5W_P



MED B:

MUNIOA?XHTSP=X\D@^'WC:ZTR3QUXC\1_\(WH'@OPUK-[X:&E^
-0\8ZE''IN
MAVL&9[BPENKM#Y5K
!]17_P3\%:S\;M ^/=VNM7/C/1_AWK'P^T^S



M+\2])LM
L6\-VFF^




MG!JQ0 4444 %%%% !1110 Q^@^O]#5*Y\L1DS*&B&\R#9O;:(Y#E/[K@@8;L
M
COD:%9NII(\#%DCFPJPRN$Q')(ZPJP9\F-F$AC$B R*'.T$F@#\SO^@/[

\+Z9*;K4/$?B37;.VO;



DI61479M4''=



M










V%U%KZ1/<R6E]+
\$-H+^-(VO9[-D^


P
MH421%8*ZKCA@K


M&I^*)-
&]'T;6=N8'DO9I+
(?!6M^#OG@[4M&^/_P!


M?M3_ !]DU_1/@W::UX^GUG7?CAHNFZ-JEO\ ^2^O+[X ZK\V\0VOB&34KW




M97OB#Q7\'3XH[^
KKQQJ.@:1X?LQ_K/OBGQ%-_R[U_5_%865L D%K#&KGY@
M$!SR/7/K22:?8GYC:PDDXR4^I[8H'S+31Z[;'X?$']H3]M#PKXU^%/@KPNV



]7\



MOJ$?CW3M-T_7M2GTG4I])FOI3I5EH=KJ=E=RVAET;Q!)X7T&XUO3P+A[1=AW

MB@ J*79A=_EX\Q





 V1N 9@#CH2.]5)-'TMRV=/M03&0





6\M
MQ%=ZKHFEO%KVMG6I/$\4[R#5T%MY5QS\OQ2^)GAB3]G_ 
?:A^T/\;] N-/_
M &

D#TJ)M(TL
M)Y1L+9H]P?:T88;\
-WS$\X)'XF@KV[DG&SUTZ?UT/YSO&'[5/[95_X;M[CQ


MH2ZWK[6WB=_$)TZQN++_ (1YM
-/$6F^-]/OM6M]4CF;X
MBZ)!X?\ %M^=&UB\TBWU6[LM-L+;2[_3-5LX(+O1?$B#3+CQ!9$73:0OERRQ



MD^*/PUT/X7_&OX9ZAX[\'_#_ $67Q/HWB#PU\





M/2@F==RC*.NJM^7^1SWAB2Y:+R[B)4D6)KAAOCWW;*GGI':36NEW%HD$@D3
H?+I2M?(8KE[@2!HSU=1)!%&2R(%)&1GH2#CD^H%2T'.%%%% '__V0$!
end







begin 644 img_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 [ ?8# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
F'QCX=!/_$TM^


&QDC^H;G/3@4K




M[]MCX#_ !.^&?@_XR:#XOTZX\#?$K1[#5_PUVU_LG4SIPC@6\'EGB*4W4X




\^

M.Q&.U6(?$6@W3*L.KV;NP_=Q+=J!(#G:1R0PP1[8X[&^MH,+B#&!C*_-C'

M@$8& 05]#AA@


M&F9H02#+$002


-Y!

IQ@X!YSGN?\ '\0?@[_P7;_8/_: ^/=A







$DWND_
21DD'GDG.6]^N#6SI/[9U]X@O&L]

M=;]4?H!]I7KCGUVG_&D6Z4D@]

P_
M;LTB(*S^ ];EAP/




AD
5E




MT?Q%&FC:WX1MKJ(.XT?QU=H;:VGC CE@MT=5929O%O[*O@#X5:'\)/ MMX

@$EJ5EA42ZC( ['
CC=






RY#$'!(Y4E?3GOCD^M?YR/[.W_  5]
M_:Z_9GGM8O\ A)[/XI:

MEQ7ZG:3_ 
'/FL6\%FNI_LL2W=XMF_\ :1M_B0;FWBU43@17


]G)IUT_F7.D2M;F7/+P*62*0

?F! Q.T'JHSZ8]..G:JDQ_T


\
*OBGXF\$Z7,RKIWACX;ZQJWA[3[F*5]UQ/J#11PQ:P[*Q
M,M\D$*79)G2-%D#Y[%<30=_J.UW;?HVD];OWEOT[:'[3DG@)Q/FN(I4\<ED

M%HGB#1-;CT]-2M9--D%W:*[F)[RPFD#Q







M[[1]


M6Q]I@LYUE[UJD*?NWM)7Y5&]E)Q:75:*UC_4G&H0X&)5*GH
9P
8&#QVZ$9S


M:^


M4;7_ 'D$JEUHE*SOHC^A5S!#-]MAD@MLE4'A3DAAP.#D$'_ *V@Z&.-_O!

Y'.Q;E98XY#P


M %]RS_
UQ


M'[%^A:3=:FGQ=N/%-_;7$HB\

M-1N992N&EB?4+Z57+*][=
#
_)_8F-LM==+[:.RO^*/T_+.#

M=I/5_C)W/U[M0PF58X_LMY;:E8ZA-Q@B-Y5L2
GTW$=?0Y&#7S3_ 
%5_P!E
W)T^WUR;4I8+=+

P4%1(\




*O#$T;0QS:CI*^*/
M$C7EJSZ#I-QHTO[RXM9%

163YR



MU:%&H_6I2IU'^
V?@%6IU:M.+O&G5JTXOO&G5J0B_G&$7\STRBBBO7,PHHH
MH **** BBB@ HHH_P _E0!QWBN.-M..[ _XF6C9_P#!INR?^^V'MCZ ?A!_


])T#XF:KX8741JFF^$;]&NI)(VMU6
V



M'8#.\92Q6!XOC3E&


M:/Y3IVMRE?E-7M:^!7P2\:?M4_M%^%_%
MOX&L-4\7^-?#?[-5OX1L;6T\.R




-%5
3G
Y4Y^_5
M3^).$US0E4M;WY1E&53^_*9]:K\O@AJ_P /_GBJUG31O%T-EX*T7XJ?KQ

D^I/\T1%7+?X1_L
M[7WQV^


M#[9/\\5
O0?0?RKUF[MONV_OU/C4K**[1BGZI)/\4+1110
*AF^[_GU%344


M$'P]T*U\%2__P ':TDLGA'6])2:AXMFN]



O[4WQ#^'



$_!GPP^$'Q@^&7C[2_ME\7_@5XN^$5WX







MXP\.Z1HFH6HL[6/]U\3/#6IZO+J$=GJT9V_8VCO$^5ACKOAY_P $I/\ @H5\



M?^F

UEWO^H?\ Z]Y_Y&L*SMA9OM*7
MYR-:?^\1_P *MZ^Z?@_\7;:ZNOBQX^6WODR/%_B!9A/_ 

!]ESCY=H



MJC^FN#L1EC24MU3I*7G-4Z:DO\ P),_)+QQ^R;\$--\_M'_$'P1:ZWXOL+

M)'/IUDSQX@=:XKP5^Q_X/OO%6D^'?%GQ3G\-:/XQ^$D7Q!^'/Q LO#FA7^@W


MK1



6RAEB
163YU52'







MCX.;A\+_ (=[BI;_ (0[2-Q7[I;[%9[BOL3DCVHK][P*M@\
GTH45]U*DOT/

M80TW_P!'P_C^((_I5S7;VPTO3[W4;]]D%K%=75S/]G-]Y5O:EG/[LC PHX4=

M\MEK\GT^BO$'PQ_8^^

MTVQ
]WH]KXFM6M3;2K;BU9;U?(%NOD/:T6(]B5ZOXSU#]DZU\.VVB:C\8;G
MQ#K_ ('T[Q1X1\.^&K?QIHE[XKO=0\/:1'XFA\/Q6B'9JMQX1T\#4&N%PMQ)
M,TJDAP*X/P7'^QMXX\#:%\4M0\9:IX:T_P 6R^/&]_X6\2^
DL+W1]8UCPY
M9Z?I7AF_L8\1V5Y-9!;Z[M(_DMIXWA7B


C_@EL?^$IDB^#NE



I\E\$W/[(%]-^T:EIXK\?:?J'[/.

MR9ZV6NNRZN_;?6Q]#'Q/X\C%0CQ?Q?&T5%1@[PBHI1Y:;;TA%+EI].10\S#T

MOB1X#T+XA:_I^BZ_J6@:W:#?9V^AZUFW;2M;L]'77(($RB02*BG Q7@7QD^*

MK.T+

1#%RSCGY$N:7235DY?-WETW[


MKH__ *$U2KT'T'\JA@Z/_OM_
U

M7FWQ7^*/@[X1^&+OQGXXU8:-H.FRZ);RWQM]^Z;7-1FTS[/R.6_=#).W@JP)





SVY4DKIVUM:Y[=K/PG
M_P":'Q#U/Q':ZSX_9^U+4_#\
$NNW&KZ#X?TBZ!U4EXI(;\1H+@NTF3
C%

MF/6-=#V7AS=@)HTT3G6(U


(ZA\1_AV^I:3XKT+X;?''





IL[JY
MMREYK
%T%


M^&VM_L;^$X]-\!^#O!7CI_@UXO\ @'=_'CXN?$S4/'4DUUX:MOAMJOAK58/!
M&IV

\-@U=

M%WCSPGX+L]


MY6YKI)ZZZ[_N_KG[1GP(\*Z9+=S?$#PK-'%/#9RPZ1J%OJ^H232D1VEK:Z;H

B7&F



7.JVFJV_^AW=Y$-=:X.G:W_I@;]W
M=_OO

\*Z]I'@
M'3_#VJ$:B=5U?PUX3\-BTNPHDT'1[R2_NRIM(Y)#AZZ
/B
7&5H_#&ZC_A6D
M?_)8Q_X)RT

1Q#TBC'Y1X_I7/V2_9+*U^3_ $:&WQ&
MCQQ_N8UC 1);F]D1 5.Q7O+MU& ]S
096Z:U.8(CZQ1'CW0&O4NVDWNTF_5Z
MO\6ST]/L[=/3I^%BS1110 4444 0CI)_O'_T(UG7)V1R





MVEY'IZQ?:?+OI6NW











YY%3QC\)/V.=
M-

SHIEU?4-
M \%7.AZ[-/\ \)9_Q*K2]@M8O#?EQZ)8_P!KAK.&/*I:+$J':!7)]6NWMJW^
M+?FCS

Y

MYX-1-_+=WXNQ8F&2+^%FD8AEXVG*CIQZVTEG;0QZA;36-S!]A3R-5LUVF6&[




6IKZ&*6Q

M')?^ RE_D!Y=\(?V&OAK\$?BWJ7QA\









M:A+J-LLN;W3Y;XN8[*;EXW 4%'SDG''Q]+Q(X
Q&










/[)/P&^-





]




MI'9V MI+ATN+6_N-
9K^1H8V\EFN&


M4IM4E&





XQY



M]OOBK\?/#'PTOO[%-CJ_BGQ'*L
$I\&9P\#CDDX5)035^248
MSE+BI6ERODM9ZJVMFSZ%DMDBL%CC+''B1K&B!%0*@12SE4@;59V(& 6

5XIX$^-?A3XB[-/L;@Z?K*VT4L^A7O\ Q_A6C5FDAV@#
M().

MZ/5?@T7J*** BBB@K+W_WC_6JTW_'M)_URN/\ T%ZM7'0?5?YFLZ:7]Q.
MGB*ZQTZJ'_P/!]ZYYZPS%+=44_OIV_
FFO\ :(^CU]6OR/PL^*YV_$OXBQE_
M
\SQ%JI\S/\ J2=6NCL/KL!QCCIBOGOXK^ / ?Q5\$WW@?XBW.G/X
O]1.EZ

N^






MU_PQK?B?Q#I\$!MM7L+G6=
CAT[5K:RO$*G4]/BBL;_;]JM(TMY8U7ISK*L;










+_P!JWX2ZS;^/[SX=6VL_

M&5?ZKD^!;V^M2^ZZO^+?1GL\.9KE^1\0X;



-!U*2R2V%WHFL:5K\-[9WE]8ZVS:N)XH9DE:4211R!D7Y1\+

M#&LZ'XZM-6NOM=PFAWVO:7_9=K+'&Z0[659OB[^R#^S)\)M \73Z#\7=9EU7




M%2OY]3]/X9\.LK\
OVBI

MO&KVFE75X
1QL@
=NV!SY2D1^GR[ACFOT' Y5D_#N1JC_P _:5*;[6G1IS_]

M%OPYJEOKMQ9Q^'=6-[X4DOK:_P!NJQV3:0MO(4TLMD06RA K5]CP-Q'@\!

MG:YXKU^_N-%(87TGPNOH-):;7#\M\TK71SYF*_IF\)R-)K.K2R((VDTS3FDC
M5XY%C9X49D62/]W($;*B2/\ =N &3Y2*_+3]ACP'^QC\3M0F^-'[.7C=_'JG
M1Y- N[)-5U]IM(EOIA?-%-IVM

MCG.(5

M?N@#;]






M?[37PEO/ /Q?_PFGP
^(GA'7[Y+#7/!




M/\+[.T\._$S7=

ML9?WL=LCR
MOJS_/+$$E;ESCPG]H;QYJMMXOO;NSNKNRL]6N7M'BMH//M+^S




M?/C]\-/BCX3\77?@SQ!X?^(?A.!=9L &6VT#5KZ#3-6T_7U(*M:7L$KQS@\$
M
W6O[AOVKM)\1:K=01^'-



3*K#=7W];2J$
MMU!ROE1A6\M8LC8

MGTZG\8YKEF8Y/C'A



?
MVYHNH7LQT+S[O3?DBD9C#\H6OYJRK%X.MG[P+WE7JI^OMJE_QN?KU7Q3PG!E

M6N_M?ZRL.H^ ;^\N6L-  'Q$A*B-)(+?;Y

M


M^+N&S3C+(


(='UW0MUS

6?F7BCPIG.:8W



^

\)L_!]OI-Y-J-GXC\1
F8()]4L/^)7;&TTIM:!.


M44AY!'J#2YYQ[ _GG_A]?3_ # \:^+GB;0/!'@3Q7XO\1S+::%X5L[O7]:N
M2 =^GZ*G]KO&#D])VV$9!P)%!YP?X^/VPOVH=7_;!\0:GXM&D16&E^'/$-[X
M5\)&SB:%-4TN[TY+B*[O;1RQU6YM DLDOW92Y9%D*/Z:?^E]KJ^H_L/\
M[3-AH$=[)K
_PT\1R6D%K]Z0P*NN.Y@GGIDGMG^/[]C==:GTKP5%XMTOQW

N:8J6

/9_9ITE**?9MP


MXAUOP[?^(+SQ=!X_N_#6EZF?%4L?AYXKRQTG3C_9\ZS(9)$6Q'V3# 6O[GRZ
M\#\#?&G1I/A/XJ\5^)O%.M:+\2-:O]-M-!L%G2%;#2;*T4/9K#%^[B%K$H@$




M*_N3_P

M VM((8D$AYWL2QSDBOM?#/B3EQ53(H_\_PI/DH3G#7Y06W;N?S+]*3@3 R







^SI?A_2]!CL/B6L5E'<7=[_:7P0L=5\3QSJF;:PN?

EY




M;\4Z+I]_9:;M\^I6?\ I.IWDELBWVP/\
LI8IGL1ZFOBG3;C5O!WB75;/5


M
%ZNVR\4:#K6J1Z6(O$2C&QK:8'3P#\IVKD8S7^C)ISI';6Q15C6XMX9%1.
M4C$D:OL4]U0,%'?CM7^9QX*FTZ_\6?#?1[JVNM

M+DD
5QQT[O]+'P\6.FZ2=Y.D63DCJY^RHQ*C_:/(X( )K[OPJQ&
K8+%8#

M4[9

K=K2&W\.Z'JDW]C162V
:Q/B^^SZ )Q%'&$^T?VE=&7;O^U3;O-;YX^-
M%MXM?]O'XF:KXDMKJT\+67[0WQ3@2XFN

GQ/FN+6U-5DO2-2:7X11^O?28X:RC*\PX+

:::=A$&DDDD)<_<\H\)6


)?!-]IK07BP2W<IU^#0(M5F5U)
MDNSJ5U]J8-

?%/SE&?














MW-J-WFXMYM/LY(1YF/WG[MUP_&_[V.1169^S%JL&O? 7X-Z[#$T


S] /CS]MC7;;PQ^R]\;O$DCQP1:3X'\023,X'V8MD,QN


M]L]4

P8?[)&. 0/[VOCAI]KK/PZ\3:1

@7


2LG^*?

MV6U943Y!(%PHQ7S7\2OVS]4\1V&AZ9\2KVO\ 1IX!KMCI^BZ;X;TZYMTN
MHQJ,4LCZ#*)%324W'D[P3UKK/VH/@E\=]1N+3X@^'M?O?BQ^SW=ZE!XGU+0


_!6K-HLGA1



V&S7PE\3O#O

OA;_P3$_:N^(?


M65YB[LM:TW0/WFB3VTZR1W-T ?)=&X^6OTG*









8&.AYJW7[?)WDWW;?WMO]3^:TDM%LM/DDDOP


IO?Q5XJD8#/;D



M1 W_2?-#!IGV-=8;&&993FOR]T[]I[]HSX96-W\/-$\(^ HM'O8S?ZA%?Z
M_P&?$6H1O(NZ6./4=?'EVC*24(X


Q(DD^\?F+]E;X'ZW\3?$FK:[X


M



-&\
M9^*6T_PMXDT673_%U[9MJ.C7S6


(4XK_ 

M_P MT!Q*1R) Q^OJ.O\ BK1M;\)7JVUU;Z&NEZ==:0EK/_J[I;^Y-X&7/\+C

M



L:F33
M]/8I$NV-]I%E8T_A13P@SPN!VK]'\+L6L7B,X2=E[.7*O)\WZ6/P3Z56#SG
M+JWAC@\=:SR3'+7RDU^27W(ZN#E%/JJ?RJ:HHNGX+_(U+7ZTOACU]V/X)+]#
M^24K))[I)/U6CBBBF

 9Q]F)!]N


M!P3T7TK)NT
Q\J

M_P#@H'\38+^'5+;4/B;XH\,V%LLAM%L[O0[[LA+K%CDF_5'ASIDO!F 5LY







M#FGIH&F7/V?Q9K.KR:@/[473['48[B8C2R8@@Q!\FVOMGQ;_ 
$:;/X2^&3J
MWBWXS^-O&&H)9RZAJK? SPCHGB3PWI

?F3FS@G^(WA[Q;K:1


BXP
MP^

M (2+5=2:[VE)-*;[):Z

6



M-5RDO\
G*2_!HR/B3 X\6:#?6
5QING7T)F;6
; UP@+O#MZ* X(QSCIVP=V



=S''T&+QV4X*O2^NM6C&



MJ^IW*7C3N$20)^[

T[4[F2
MR@U3Q-H&LZ9:RWT

7@
7Q#AE@
I53W8-35[2O&#YE=+XHM2V^

)R?DNH[(3IQTD[=ROZ%PNF'I:
M<ON1]W^6T8IQ_PW6G'Y'\YQCR1C!2YE,8*7\RA%14O^WN7F^9[=1117L#


=!




M*'RWO=2F!O+HQDH9YIAQC/Y_3\LCRS

Y7YZ:




M'QG:

6-J3P
MQ3+(0DL4;Y1?Z










M+HO=_ETVTTTV^1YGKN%%%%






Y*?TT/$BGA)8.*X-C&2=H_R)ZQC_ -NII?(\[^&?
MBWX5ZI'XK\;?%#QCXD@U+2[06/@^^T.S/]EZ5]G'E6
FH_\ 334(U0S=?F=O
M:O']=@^%WB[5I-=\6ZCJIM[N^BM==U=;HQ:?(FIP'7-)BFCS^[!72(R4 RH.



M_J5U\QB0;4DD*IQS7U?_ 

MZ



%IKR:&6Y$XN6C

MK0

;^5H+Y7/NG]ECQSX+\.G2]&\1:C:7FK:MX]\-)I&ER6)74
M?



M+RWF=

MK1MO




V\1ZIIEC;B!FF;_ (23YK*XA*R!NI5\\9X\





M\%&$:*Y:480C2CJN6E&$8TH]O=I*G'_MTTGXN9U/%PG+./?DU*5_YIVE*_\
MV])^I\57W_!&3]IK6/%OA/PU=_M4?LDRS:%%?-(TWCW6[CQ1?V^N!M2&K7%H


N%6







D&K2 /+$J3ORV:/[#X0G_ +7/XH:3
MU^TDU+KW3/'QGB!C
4Y1_MC:4H^EI-?H?:5Y^W1\


M?Q=D^+'A6/Q%;^%_&/@B?]U;76F^/?#9\/:AL
:[XM/F[HF2L1Y^4*3US7Y(

M
+QD$WS/W;R_F;LW+_MYIR^9^[GA\*NB:<J;]JPJ!YKB63:$C^9)UD? &Y_
MXVW-WHK8L%18PL8C$84,1*JQ!!PHC5&=1'M !7=0N K






M]_:Z_9OUC7_@C97LH\0^(=.T:[^)OA34-':W(DF9O!^K^&M5GM+6[Q+#H]U=



MVEIA





M]^M!_98_9NQC_A0GP?!_[$/0^/\ RW:?]B8O;F3MII?TV^1@^&\9ZZO3YOR/


@
M#=7][;?LN_LTCB7X _!_ .

MAQX!T;;CMC'AXC&.F
C\*YWDF

,0K/<+%O;^HP^T9.XN3SN
@PYX.3(.S$Y+#^$Y'7I:AG5V88Z
M005V$8)Y*G[K=
KP 21VJTC$Y!Z]?P]/P/\ /VKVL-%02@MHI17I&*C'_P E




 7!XX.
M,8J3_AGGX'Q8/_G?ALI Z+X/T4@8&

M%MLM%T[6.;_4G&:_\+'5]^[/X U_:N^ NG?%#QO\7]!\3_M/:%XW^)-CJDOB


M'A#1@O'IM1N


M%^V-XLEO;;X=:]\+OA5K.KW5[XF^(_Q5\.V7AFUFTJ;5VN#!X6\(S9O+?6#!

M1CC/7)&371+';Q&-(ML*2*IC2)55$0@%8U$9\M4X4!,)M'RC:!71AN&\-OC
M'=7[_JDK:Z?B:T. L-=_7,VE).[:BDKMWNES-:ZW[VV\OC;]C+]B;X1_L6?

#M)0CGJ]^2,
M81?JU!/KJWON2H-J(HZ!5 _  4ZD7H/H/Y4M6[-W6JZ/NNGX6.S5ZO=[^O7\
M;A1110 5&_\ JV_X%_Z$?\^]244 ?-'[2_[./PT_:H^$'BGX.?%G2#KG@SQ-
M:30W=FN1=6NH@;--U2V('!T]RLL8P%.U 3C<3_'7^TI_P1R_;F_9NUWTKX0
M:#)^U+^SOI&I+?Z=X



3YDK[OO=N[_
M #9Y&99-A

MZ5X8O;RY^



F2$8C!/)(SD#GKG'&34@TVVVC

M-12NXJ3=H_\ ;J:2]#^&?P3??#G1-:\6ZCJ_P _:-L='T[PSH1^&VC6'P'_:


M8=
BVF ;%45_=:;*Q!(-M;9!(_X\U[''K3?[.MSRL%N%/(XV\'D?+GY?]WMT







M#W !P!U(/TJ1SS@]CS^?/3^?HN*WPV18+NZZW_ !NW^9[.3Y!A
IFYWYI7

X1]J[D'16VKN&#@9Q14_';IV^G:
MBO4M:R6R22]$K+\$CZ!ZMM=6W^)8HHHKH$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $$L88




M0\







]':7!$@*
MVT4)ER






M4O\ X=VVB:1K&M:7:ZKX





[O4M3OIIKW4KW6[+5]5\/WFH

M4;L#R;'5-4\J[F+8X@CS\@!.%7/ P


M-(L[/2KK5H]J3O:M*%4DT 9?[/?[:D?Q1^*GQ


MO\/])\37NJ:G\+O'^F?!BP^#5[\1;SXE7VH^&+2_NM5C\=2^!K?0XO#(U^'7
MRVH:M D:ZIJ$$&E2E_-6..(A5]^UW_@GW\#=7OX?%&AW'C/P=XE77_%WB)_%

66
8((K-TW_@G'






U^&\DLM)TW6&
FK:9%%;
:9X:TS1/'NIZ%XGO3H%[IOCZ\ ^-
MKKP/=Z=HEGI^OW=VLEWJEOFUU;Q'HMKILL<B2R:[)&3<'[/\=_LW?;XC^/O

M&A94Z?-JGB(-=VU[DA%E5BI5&#W?J_S/1_V;?VO/ O[0VH^//#&C:?K/AK


'P0^ 7@CX$65YI_A.'68#J
?G


(I1(R++&L@CD

N?E.1CTO4 %%%% !1110 4444 0CH_P#O8_-R!7FOQ!\?




Z'J?\ ;





M\





M-\ Z3\)OAOX[@L?!'P^TO7Y


M(/BV.TX8$?&1_PHEN^HZ/H&B_ #XPZEXITWPDOC#Q]X8L]!UQ-1\-Z-_PG
M

4J$%&C1P4'QYXK_9T_96\*1^#=?\7:9)
MX7G\-I!X=\

M%I]TY=Y(T#L@^H/!'C7P5X_L]-U;P+XDT37_  _:*]O!J'AR]BDLX$C0+%8R



S'
MN
LQ8\ D]2?;]*T** *WV6W[0C';Z?\ ?5)]E@_YX1?BI)_'KSZFK5% %:2U


U





X-12'XA^#-;\*?_P&^G?V)?)9V_@+1;GP

M
U
S6]_87D*W%K=0-O#12PRAD91M  QQ3=%\

$$:0PQCY8XT5$ 50 %_6'Y]/P2_R/YR/@

KA)K*&&&VU9?$




OQM





M-XNT[]JKX




MFZ$M;1

MXJ\(6B?#_P,']@:58_LZ7?BR'XN_%O3_$_A37OB_P _B_I6O?$K7?#NC:U

[]7^;(-.@G6UA5O]<L42R[@?
*)/NVM@OW\Y*V-FN?
6NVMN(4*W4 &X#@ X ] 
C^E% C_V0$!
end







begin 644 img_003.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


M+/[0#$5#@!_
/^I9]OS[:V_['U':-OBC6BV '&='.3W)&!C'7@GVH [:BN'_
M +'U


M


'!YYZ8SVJ@.ZHKACI%]W\5:W


@_RZ_P J
M:.6!YP!C)Z]_3Z]J\TUC7[:PN8M
KNXQ\H]1GMZ9J%KRZMP(Y$WMD9E[ 9&21TYS@8S@]NU
M &U156
K







PNY)TLOLX*_;%N?LN%
U#:BN:7PK5^BU?X


M





ML7\3V]S@&E(/R_NXR/
C!&[. 74%ADGE!EQP1E1TZC\4?B/_ 
%U/V$_ +75
MK8?$#4OB!/;B1M_@K0-5\202F
DD1:EI*BU! #
&Y#*#@$ODC7/^#D3X%V

32

M


\0^&?!-O\%?C/I_P^UO1-.:=K/2]'&M07







M




N&BCR-P \K%
MYQA





M\3_M?%'XD:%:7]__;FA:[K.IMIEQ^E:A )FTVY ANH=
GGCU3[._\ K39*
_[7/C[_@K'IO[16C?%[X@2?L\1W/AOQ1H5G;^*=;CT&RM


M_P#@IGX+\;P^$O%G@#QS:^-;2#1-3TS6O!NN3VO@C4](U^XM[C4IKN[L[W_1



M&1/WLZF0N#(I8#G9VR1T./4_AFKT$L1D7803SCG(^Z??TK_-!T[]M[]M?0]2


WE^









M.D?9YO26OAC7=)1[JUTW_A&_$KY&NW*7/D2PPI^\:1$2+]Z5K\_/BK^T+^

*?VU_V4_\<]GK_P ??A/ILMH)%U&
M[\<Z%;7$4:Y69%MO,9C\I8$8X&2.YKY1_:=G_92_X*+?L]_$_P#Y^*7@OQ9

C?*[D?Y_P#;
MZ]8S+:&Y\/:/*ZW



M-G;+_P M+RUMX_XL5\?C^-


%K]*G_:V

M
Q?#+]NW]LOX%.ES\
?VDOB/IVF3;RM-U6[U
M/Q+I,&GQPRB#S+C]S9QM(4B16_Y:





MC
)F5-UH?%%.4;]TKK;S\C^=.+N$LSX.QL



M@C]F'X$^)?C1\1;TV_A?P3X=L]7N4B-JLTZM):V



MD?B6R\7? 7P%XJLS8:GI4
6A7?B2Y^)M[XFTF

QZ-J=]9P[CF6
M72XX5RTBU\)B%&3M*?LXR:4JG\B;BG/_ +=6OR/[FR&GCLMK9=0RK(?[6R66



VK?+
:].TG]M7PEH_[47C'XS:
M+I&M^)+'XJ67A;P%\4['7=#\C7[_ .&ECX%\)^#?$
GA]SXD_P!.G_M#0]6C











9GO$V
M'C.GAN#_ -U*















MI&KVMD__ !_ZY%K5JIWS+7%QVOPXLO$=[J=O\;M0EO-6U74=/UG5+?PUK7G3



M5:



M^7FYM9V:]WY]3^J30Y+R72[2:[00R3VJ2LCH()8C+;+*]CY)RP:)SO?G@1D$


M** FO\ =/X?S%.IK\*?P_4@5$_@E_A8'BWB''_U?#9)V@:%J1)]EANB1^(
MX_&OCW_@J-^S/XN_:M_8W^
GPB^'NL0Z'XKUC2DNM$:X'^C7E_IMS8:TFGW9
M/W+;55TY]

%W)
 VTCK2Q<7/!1A'XIPE&/\ BE%I?BSK

M=Z?X5U&V@:W^$?QS\



M#\$-2NKJ]^ _QB\8_#8VH:ZTO1=7TV'Q-HMC(\@%P69RNKW$36IGC6* YD=D
M24F$R+7Q.*RO'3O&

L=A%Q'5GAJ

?C-I

M]*O#_JM!CO()[_PEC_6W%MJ
7_+3%?HB/^#?W]L[X?#Q!)\
?C;\(+V#7K.V


VG
OS*#7WII7

M_PK.J75Q;W-Q\)M$AN]1M+G4#JFMV=Y!+K$.BZ59V
LUOI^BVEW)Y6AZ/I
MD@$5S$4=!(^^..1#Q?5




C#[&)!%?08#!X^I3=.&






MUO=D


WPW_ 
C#XV_[&#3O_47TZNZK

U'^9V^_0J/

K]IW_ ()


PV7$L.K+Y\J6Y(N-C
6/E[LY S^JS?MK:GI

MI\I3=K;;?7/ 7[3&@?$?Q/KGA'3OAQ\4](UGPWH\NJ^()=7\




MOBUX.\:Z=9- +2RU/2;KPMJ=R+2ZBG74KM+6VO-


MHNJK8:II^O0S%(+75DD&GSW


[0N6/VP_ %YI.I)I7PVO8?%EAIW@O5KO
M1-3M!'IDNF^+;H:9+)I5^H54:RC




.IZ/ITOE:)I[3VEYJNLOHL
MJM';R-*\

MZ/#OAIIH[.VU:ZM;-9K0




M


M;JGAC3!JUH;.\U%M*L[9IK^XB)X:3[4$V@$*0HP

MJ/Z5W^Q6&M#773RUT/S/$XO





M\*7FIVUW=^#]7A#^;#JJ6\GER(H8*
N/SH_:F_96^ W@'1M0\2ZQ\2?'EY=^
M(O%GB[6[/3O]A\/Y]5U?_A(X?#GCOQ'8_VEJOAH6^L6:67P[@ET+5)-EU-;
MIK%EIYDOY8=GD8S&+#1J1E;EY9*73W6G?UTN?79%@,KS5TL'_M'U[GA'_55




A8 &2X1 K
XW%AI-U<WOD:? 79;N[E@M3_KP:A\4^-_V1/&OP0^%7P:\:?%_XMVVE_#+P
MQI_AZL;GX;^*;+X@6NN7.B^'-5\&:KK-QX1T*TE\':WH-K!;:?#<BXBL)]Y

M17EIJFGVD2:=K.G:7%I6FPZ#XCMF^W2?VCJ:W D$DOE\SQ&3M6O#56^S?70]
M+ Y1QUC:






VH1SMO2)HW@U+]H;



MCW%ICN:!0TX7=&*^/VJ_#NI_M:Q!HOPP^)?P]OK?2M&\2:38[/BFCS^?

MGEG\
Z/'XBU33KGQ#K/]MWGV2#5X[+1=-AN/L[[9KN
_+GS%](^
?C?]L71_




M?ZIJ/B#2=-T!=(TM[1X-8UMX=(BM-5A+N+W2[=;]KNZF^5X;6)[I@/*6CZTX




'4ERVC=S_AQORM-JUVTKNS:B?EMH_QT_PC_A+

L7\'V=L/-F:PUT7U]
_;<TC7_$^O:#X4^-E[JVH0W,NDZ9XO\ !&IZQX4E
M6?QCK2QV'A[3I_W/AI3H4FE1M=OG:GS#G%?MY#X,^)7F0./B%9I'&PD:%?#T
M @N%8$$/^^]&RN,X8#(P,UZC::?<J+1+R:YG0*)9H$^S+*VQMP2A![#/!
M^;J./6P638RE*%66:^TC3E&I*G_/&#4G#_MY*Q\Q4XEPE*E4HPRCA6$JL)4_

M11170 4444 %%%% !1137*JI+?=&
_F
?KBD]GZ/\@
?Q'_R M5_Z\Y?Y5SV

M8;VNRQ_V-JGEGY_L%SLY_B\IL=_6LC[= /#T
=Y&9B^FPI?Q*T )M6LW68L;





E_K.B6FFRNSQQRVKW-Q'YEV

M7:#XE\8/X8D\4S?#KQA\.M





UKQ+HY\D:ZL
;@6GF

U52

M

O9F^!'P6GNKQG^$





+

MWI[ZBNI[9IGQ?^!7C/3M4@M?V;?&
GB'_A%KW4GO?%'P=DT&RN9()/[+MK6.
M[DT!OM(BFFC



MFY&Z+Q3XP^#]T?%'P^U3XM_M/:#XE\'^.[Z&U\3Q^'$N]2U74+_69_$4=_X0

M'^JV%QXJLM*U?4Y/A7J=MXEU&Q31Y=4;Q+=V
VCV.HR0Z0+?^QEQ
GEA_
D#





M])GT



M_P!!-5['_4C_ *Z?U-6.S?[K?^@FJ]C_ *D?]=/ZFNP\LOGJOU_H:6D/5?K_
M $-+0 4444 %
%
MRS1:3+&4!;:1<PSVQ,CH&:&$+,6GN #]GA\R<_ZOC\6_VT?^D_CG_A*M9^&


VMMD=W<7GAOXH7<G@_Q;^Q7\3=




MEOI-GH




O




Y



F(G!
(


M4=._M7P[H[W

AD_P#H



M=G^

/
T-K_&%B5I9'/
$2
MR7'_ RK\YXI\3,\RC$+ 83X*4TF[.]HM7Z[:/0_9?3Z
W O&7#^)QRSR=*



M 


@*'J'96QQFO XM\0





S+-?:8J=-RHT^DZJC



M2+#3+M2!;R/'
K271_X]H0]R55HMH_S1O$/@O49EN;FWF?4+FPFFFN760Q07
M&481P[_X2KE?+/\ ?C/-?U?\$FOCE=?'O]D?Q/^SS?:Z? /QS^#FO?:?A5



B2!L8QG]:P];ZS'G[:_<?

M7(6//('YDE+6

M[WEKIFJ:6AM-6FM(8IKJZA5CY-K;W$P*&

'Q7\4#P!'J^I^ O
IK^:SX%_MJ_\$SO


MTO5-.LM6AU32/#\6MZ78WMKH7B;2;R?4M8'A+5]/U
6E[J1CTZYN-5T^VN=(
MM?)NK^&:+YROQ-A*DXXA1]JZ+56-/^=P]Y0UO\5K6VU/H*7AKQ]E=.6*H98Z
M%%Q;G7=[4::5Y5;J5_W:]_=6MI;K_;&\?AL(SBUTUX6D2-UN(Q+;HN/
CDBN

M$L]1N)HH&SNUZYCMW:+%F6N&@C;]/V9O^F?C/X&_!'7O GQ!L;U-372I9/

M@U=WJ4XRE#5:ZR25T[)N^S9^W9;]&7C[-.#
!Q!3S)5GF688:G[%2M[15JU.











*7^'WA:R
ML];^((T\WD\VH7 L['3]/8
A#=<GTSQ[UN9FQ1110 4444 %1
MRDA0K

M-0O!!&1PC3F(0;_X/
WGI7\07P]^&W[8W[+&K:K^U9X3/PPO=:UCP;JOC74-






$Y?V4];T74O%T_

MZ?;7



MTM?W=%917WCX




V;

MAWBJ-*KEV8U


M3\ ^$[R0V+OHVDPA_+U2XCLMUYJ6L2N.D%W=VQA3IE9
=Z7Q?=^
+*PGTKXC






M.\: B\-NIR&9:[+X7_\ !.WX[^&?B-I.NR^(K./2O%.JF7XH:LM]KMQJEUHE





MB*WO?&GAG0(=+O9]&U/Q'X)E^'$WQ0^#P\920+X:M?%T_P -M8N;/Q)X#ATK


AMN
6_Y?1XQS:& CA,1_&I0?)_C46H_^36/R?#YEQ-/!0R_$9K[
M3)N7V=G_P _(RBXJ'_;RLC\I/%^B+K'@Y?$GC/7]*M+A_&F@Q:I'$^IMX<A



M7?\ [Z16''K]:]4\

M3/#]C#;W.F1S)=7



9_



M;\-4U31=$_X2.WN([5Y[W^TH1*XC03Z4?[1@&_JK&:U0)ZR%1WK^UC_@D/\



QS^BD_Y/<=:T*S[7JGX_
M^@5H5^NU]UZK\XG\H!11160!5XMD-T)&?P?(_4?_KZ5=?[I_#^8K
G;RRS

MMD;@0 
J 
*Q WMG*(2Y8!=P_E*_X*W_$7Q[\
/VS]-T7P+\)/AY\:KCXS

O/^X22

MY\GRQ@

?QV2?$W7_BGX
L?BOJGBGQ1K_CN_\?2^+;+Q5?WTB:JFL)%-/9:Q
MHK121


3Q2WEMX='ALAM+OS?ZBJ



MXHZ?-=^*]1T?9;^(-





MPVT)M$FUFYFU*]6-[C6=242VA4
LMS;Q)W6:$2P+Z&12
8-+/K_@ ZL$O-/F
M;4]
OK'4-


[Q:2VI(9
M'GNO

O[F
,X[?2[J:9-,N;BXAA@D\N*5X)S+)%
M(_012*CI)SS&6!ZU_3S_ ,$C?^E7@SX)Z#:_LV_%2\U#2[/4=<O_?B*XO


OS-J6I2


OVS?B7^TSH?CGQO:^)KOP/X$TW6ETGP;X/\/ZE



_8;&I^/O#C7&MZUJTWBL6
M8BU748)%U

@Z?<^(IKV
MTGMU@MM9O+Z::.TGDC

MQH6E^9?0? WP3+)J-E=_:&_L!;R7Y(Q;Z3=7$K2'D+&VWYL5XF/S/
Z]*MAZ





M_Z4F_PZG^J'A;QGF=#AK@[(,!/V;A3P%&%3_GW*3HPC/_MUM/Y'C/Q(T[XE
MV$$6L^._7C70-
N2JL?%





M:_T!?V



M
DNT^KA/[0C'RJKRJRY

M^5UY8;$^M.



^
OB-X;^&_B.^UE(=5T

MF6/
R3-;+\\PK^\_XF64.J?#WQ



M^]97] 7SP

QZA]R%69

M_*\XX1R?-?[3SO*^-\T53
/^@:K2RN-L3_W!E'VG_;IV?P?\.?%/]HR6REL=



KJ_V1A\-



-
^'6D?




DM




M2&/]Y





M9R^(=TECXF\-VVB:YXK^#ND#6H[[P[XFM_%^E6EU=3WE[HUI=:]IO^A:O))8

^*;Z%;


?$G[ OQQMI



MEPRKOWM'OXQ\@*@=R0

M4AN=
QSZ;XM^)D/A.#Q-HOGZ-]KUWB
MU#2Y]+^^EG-)$V9\<[F!93[G\\#Q]^QUXJ^OAKP1\0/C=K][XI^&_Q-CM(_






M*2Z;4-.G\1?O=$CN9+7[+))'_IVHI*=/L/\ 3KNWK][OVP/%_P -?#.BVD/C

9N][Q<KO\'_
M ):'7Q)Q)C\WX8X%R/_P\\VYO\







M.4XO ]\4Z?\ X')P_7R/]2O!^EEO#W#.20S.?L\3'+Z;IU/Y*BI1Y9_]NRL_





 S6-Z=2B$GF%_-4&OT7)J-+),OA+&0]I*E'VGL_Y^2+ER?]O<MC@\
M7LWRC#95EN7Y9G'_  K1G2AB/\3:B_Q/P.\4^$OC-X'\;VMA\3M1\._7Q'X

M9](U3Q=XM_:?U:[\5-IMUJ-M;^'?@3XE?2[Z1[=XTLC-J/\ H=FKA]BWTW^O
M8J(SYKI7]+?QQ\/_ !C_ &3_ (=?#'QK\1?@_P#L_?&?]HSP_#XVTJ;QQX\@

MK_T




M]UQ9W$*F/ ?=)$ZKC@8^8@'G.
]37PU\3=:\9:+\-/'%_P##RULI?B?I'AS5
M;?PA;W]Y#I\-YXFTV-[S0[&[O+G]S%:7^H06]G=;_OV\\L2_.ZU\/Q1P-PCQ



GL?.M[;_3)(:_(CQ?^PO\ M#^.;^_T?X.^([/Q





)/#UE^S)\2I/^$LTC5M5T/6=(AU;X??\ 0^&KVWU2STJ





K 2:O?\ C*[L?#M[)H\UO*\NH:=X;OM:O+_5XC& \H6WD:&W
M
ETVQ8&=?V?_ &;_ /@F-\1/V9Y[GQ5^QW\8O#/Q;\7VAM[?7?!@N]4\-66M

M*4N#'=G[*;@U]#6?[3OQ]\6Z?=ZO^S_^P_K_ 




WQ
MN/PDG^!7C?QQJ[:A\0_ 






']F/=
,*G.78F-?.<JY)UG%.K:W+?3VFG;6





M1+(WR*:_1J^_;=_X*0:GX#OO#/AG]C'XWZ[XLUK6+G3(O%#?#'Q-#&WA6:!K




QBT33H[BYM(9/%EWJ*ZC:A'N(P7GVJ7.(



M)'&YV



M1E%YVZ:DFG/3W$U9SV^SO\CBXFX?\2
[PF%RW^V^$Z?L)0C[3#?ZV?6(6:7/

UF1=NFZGHNI7G_$PL=66
Q37


M6)_DJ1UA4_[=DE+Y'P.$\%/$W/

M=;Z98V\.DZ?IFG6.G2SP1#3-.3S(%AW)#$MV@QN:-BC+CI*JG/'/T9IL$=O;

M/ZAECHQ:_B))\JMN[K2V]U:UM'T/Q;Q8\).(_C%8;+^),S5;$YI46/C[O)
MRM)I?XKJ+OW]3T2+[@_#^0J2HXON#\/YI*^I/R **** $(R/6J4Z*.6W8+






M4311RION4BC:'Q+_ 


M3^[*G-2_P.+3_ _3LC\)^$L-&
*/^N2JMKV?[[ZM[[=H?[1_RXU:_??\NOCZ

M73)


MAOK4/AC2[CQ7;P_#Z:];3M=;3K1-9




MR3C_ (HWY?E=)_U8_P!)_P#X)[_ME_#/]MWX-:C\3?A%I'B;2/#'A[QCJO@N
M:/Q58BQOO[4L=










-?UG6K:QO;U+RVU&TT

=LK5];ZW_P %N_BG:+X_CT#]I?PWJ
VBZ+X2






(V0 UU'&S9





637^A+<HKPLK[=I:,X9]@;;(C
MA=W9F*@*.[;1WKP7XU_L_?7]H3PC=^!OC%X)T/QKX=NVDS9:SI0N;JQCE*[
M;BRNR#Y$D

:FOG^).'O[7PSY(*I4M+EA?XFXZ4W?I)M*_1

E&AFV&P]O;U


+_ /9;@\ZZGQ-\1_$2#QO:W&+&P\^'_USI'[Z5(7EUXU(&
M]^T6\
C3VN

M2O%CM]:2^CZ

MAG-/'=2W$++X/U4& 3QO#(!^\/6-RIXZ'KWJQ;_\&YWQG


M5L-L&[_H9P3M #=.
#GI3CPCQ)S+_A&6ZZKOZ_J8/QE\$FFGXDNTM-IORV5.


M

M&V9_XJ@_ZM]LJ^A0=.33S_P;H?%J3FZ_:%\%LJ$!)/\ A#]6 A^8!1QXG[DA

@ZM^TAX9M[(
MD2?3/!]T;L1G(\N
ZAKUY:!9\K!







MB9OE1L]GJ/P#U77-2'BSPC^Q7\*[/3;I_B-K&H:%H_QTLM8N?#]QX=T[P5X:



MU&32=;U!_BSX4MYO[1N(K.Z/[ZW\-^; DCZP$EF3_51/([?(IKY;B_X(V_\


M9SYHVJ?\^W=6G_VZ]33
N

EM+Y8/\
M@B__ 
%1D8&/X910*MJMA#)!\6-&BE6W;!OD5_\ A)
J7OBB


MG_!$W_@I_



MN\:ZLK75OC1X?GLM-^T(UN9XM-N-;O(G\L2;X9!;226DHCNX=D\$;I^D'[(?

3C
M
OXE_M^?LZLZ52*;?/&

M[]


M8+;2_=+


:E#]LS<QX+--(
1PQ$!GN'CB(!8BOR'^)WP'\4?M%_


M58]0M+/5;[1.)+&YNM#%O#(WRD2MM5Y+= VM0)*B1^7Y9MT^SA_P#7%@PW




M1NS [5-?#?[
WPE^

KSQEJK

M&LZ/XI\
WC!-(\1Z#JZZWI&I0-

I\:_&6MZE<_$30//B?PIIOB








[% (1\YQG@


-/\6W?Q



MMM]PB


MGPW\

M?8X;#Q#K_B.UM==^TQC4KK0H-+RWVO8P;RPSY7OL_P C^AF_UJQ,44T=O$U
MVR16Z%_+\^69E2'YOX0)'5O4XP#SD*SH6;=:03-J0+&ESYK-?#YY@JYP=L.





8!9MN







5OK^FS11WYFLY+1H$N)]42;S-('F.(
,[G2[OPXVI2LFH0Z;);:EY-TFJW?V?3);
M+4(;F:RGT?FL?M


4C


MVNW;7^4_?C5-9TK2-/N=1U*XLM


^T9SR#C@FORO_




:Z;./




'._&PGL&S\N
T
M0:THNI[4VEQ;?!\R2W,:2;BJELD[5Z\';R
6SU.X\=W?B9]0TI/$=JNDP&


?\-% 'H5%%%= !1110
M 4444 %%%%)[/T?Y 






^R8RXQ#AQPI$QC+'N 1WY9!I5Q$K0Q*(DE :1_M7F%;X'
IV8P08



[+41.W^LES]_@\X[9/6M:B@ HHHH **** FNRL

M 
M-WEG[PKX+U3]L/4++]I+Q)^SKX6\(Z1J%Y\/K;P/J7B:3Q3K;^!-7U72?
M$$LDVHW/@/PW$KOXIN=.T][C4YH%5EFM+2=F!0
:_1.]MI98)XH)?(FFBDA2
M?#L8C
IB\U0GS;H]Y=22 K*&9@@)KX&^/?[&%W^T1X[TG7?&'Q(ETKP3HOB;

ZIX+O].U0V6C^-;K.I:)9^))+&.?5WA!:?3)[ZPE7


S2OVJ?$?6/7Q9\2Z?+


VH0
M&6_
X\*H&



M^AZF=3U._$E^C2^4N90%

M?@?X5IH?AJ*VTSQ%\1-#\4:5K]I/K-@%O/[#T_5/%.K:QHUI$
QZE:622?N=

MD\FC:=X4U=


NVGTQ







6/B2TF\.6J$S:I+/X3T_7K/43


M&HC3O#Q?1]5U\)_8][K
)G5I(Y&R &\L)
L?F?3EI8W32[WEW6^3M4]UP0I'







MS# \DY8F
 ? /AK_ (*-Z'#\)M'^/OQ \'V

MO'J/Q-U^U\




';CP)XFTS7?MUK
MVL7227^L6L<NDVT6HHI5[VPDNK9SB<!OI'X<_L8R^$_A]^TMX-\6?%+Q/X[U
MW]I[6/$'B'Q?XMO+T\



M6MMK+.\NK&QD(

7





M?LXWK+X



/#MU\

OB%XQEOK[3;L&
MWNFU:3QX\@)4O976F07*+YT


A\308F$;:Z#N&Y(\H$KDC(@B!Z$=/PX.
45T-% '__9
end







begin 644 img_004.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 _ 5X# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H

=^M9LMW+.WE
M60+8.'FX(3;D\#.3N(*9P1D\#UP U:*QS97C?.UP/
'3KT)(.?JI/TZ GL&S


TL $P
=OYA@5

M7$.

M(^






MY9%^FYU7=_P#.[UXXYQ0 R27:P15W

J
MV^JZSIUC

M?NE(')R KD\89@#P*U-/\
:9HT @L;6 OE7OIY4\R29WZ-LQSND.21P!D]::

MOFSM]JCR+4D 9_T/J1GJ

M=+^7D3+X9?X7^3


UI7-O!%!-

L:^9QMRR*/?[N
M#G!_(?\ X*@_\%+M$_X)UZ9\
]5F^#&N_%%?BCXEUCPY;VNA7W]F0V5YX;6U




H8G@! W.10!ZV&!( !_R*=67I\T$\$$MK()





MMTSAFENTP-V9



MBM_M'];O[*?_  3-_9S_ &6OAI\1K#X
K#^U

)HD!1DNZ@
M_P YME_P4$TFV\*7?QDL_@_\5M+T?2-59+35H+?6;SX?Z&LLB75WX476QR_B


ME/\ [=3B_P#MT^7X4^CIGN9YCC\/Q#4=+*J4)NC45KPBE%\VJ:]U-MZ;)[.T

M?3FB^+OWB#RKG0_$&D:C55XFT^^L;V&=60_
)(7D884EAY9YG)*[L_P5




=
(O_B*P75]-UFQ.5NXIRCVLR'@[1:M)?E#%?;K]1A
MLWPF-2Y=).R2WUV\^K\C\XOX(SW@B5&&8I6KRC!M-O24HIIZ*UKRZN]NEKG
MH]AYD








5HUOYM'

M FX(





\'VO@GX1:1<:/<Z9XG\'Z,=5\.L+:^\2-HVNLJ&UN39BT1<*ZRLQM

MI=LD/D271A$8:12 RLH

M-;_9O^
_L[^^M5\/R8%A=PZGKBZM&H/F7DVHBVBS+.F?L<!Q)BYTY1G;E:DG
MZ-23O\G?Y'QO$7@AP%[64<JSV665Y75# .7-]8K-?NZYKV]K/EIJ]U=[(_U

M=9JBQ&QO!*FY%M9W:7/W2D3






M:*QO)(KF*&:



M7\_GPO\ VT/A=X3\
^

M]X

*6.&ZBE$C:;IWAO[7-L,2NHA)\IT69SY<;N'ZGQ&[*KDS]F]
&7N;/0O%FH:)K/B*[U/PKXPO+F/QAH_@NR\3Z0
MF96C1OUZE_X(#_MJ?$9M&L_B!\7?@KX3TK37!TYM%T:)M4T^\=+:2T6;0[2
M-V2[

MTK[2RE=5OG?1I[;4KB.[O'
0:WN(01*HE$D#S)7T.693CJJ5.&5*E*=HQJ-I




M/*B\5R %F_X3#6555(#

L#SFH?M4?!
^';#68O$]UK&E:UXIU7P)91Z!X;\


M@FFO):WN?YZ%UXO_ &X/AS#)J^I^];MM(T32_&ND:59ZU\--&U;2?6F?$R

T'PU8Z7K-CI=KX.UW
M4=1\'PW.D:;%J_AS4+S0]$B#:=+;@3:?]MG\

M?LO?$32-:BM;_P *:Q;VNJ'PAXGT37M)GL_$
L7EUL\0CB61<'!B/Q6+RR\9Q3U<))?


M5'\6/CYXBMOA+XZU/XG?#J&7PXQM_#&JRZ -.\2:)?6]R+O4(]8B-M=_;XM3

MK]]HOBF'QAX
I7UC'
MJBR32(;[P]EYHL5]''+ 0LH#(C@J5R/EZV19Y*I&.&M[)V4M8_ [*6[72_

MO$


@^(=]J$M[X=T*]MDU775E\':'
/-K]GF5]G^K/0S+QP\
M/IX2


MLZ
GB/\ :8_:&T_0O$]IX

MZI=7)R+MVO(K 1/U

Y0G].]5^
M('['_P !/!ENEOKGPF\!:8+.PCTNQTV5+I%CNU2)=-M?WTPC8*5**3$%
K











M2Z^?CC6VU/7+W^Q+0QZR?'/@S38I+B

DKH/

AC;^A365U*UN)WCT[2'M
MI'A1IIIQ;3!9I4BR)2-PSYGS! 9W!9(%



MW1OFJ:1X
._$WQ*UWP[X.O9
^NO?KN0\JI4\''SCP7*-%7E?C&+YE3C&+;3B]4HV5

 T

#_B:VLWB'45BO%Z:;:O-?8_T2O7OC/^U'^T[XR\)ZY\)_&?




X_4_B?Q)
MX.U[XP?G0_&T6IZ5XEUF\@M+GP#I%M:K\+DO_\ 1'\-QZI).WBF27'DWR3R
MQ'S8US^XMJ[3%#(7659GDV




M[3;7\UN#GEYE09+XKSOP[^P)\(O!GAG2?#/A+4_&'AVX\(_$6]^)OA+Q+IFK



MT2X@VC[9%*9/*=C]U6



UX@JX;)G7IQI





:_X-N'F
MU

?L__L@?LM^#_$

M_P!OF3QBVK^ =1T32+'Q!J/AEM%T:UUP.;&[U34YV:WU74H)VAGGMVQ+';(V

34(WM\4F
ME&S<K+WI1N[V2N^BL830QDL1A

M-*R33O\ 6D7_  3F_96^*
-WXGTSQ-KOBJT\4W?BNV\1Z]HGB$.NNW-Q:7^@
MZOI]T
D&


M#11X?L_*TVVT^$KOW6UHOFSM@_NMY+)S5?\ 9G^''PK^ GPGU?P3J?[2UKXC


&N^
+IH9]4GT^&X=O&5QK%U?'Q'<V\8D\0
MHLNJZQ]B16Q;WKP71PMLV?OQLHDCC4.Q7:D;%W\^64(
A[B;!)?(#Y)7+#G

M/3(/Y$'^E)[/T?Y 9*KN$PZ_Z2YQ]
G^E605E0;\*$95R?4G:!C'4GY?4D]P








)^*_%?Q*U&;XFS^/VV_@NOA?4(DT/Q;IVH^




GG:W#%;FZ6X6
E6VGFWK]S5_N/SK,:EL;4JT+.E7DT[K;G:O9K3
M:3L^NHE_U@_ZZQ?^C4J_W_X%_PR50O^L/O+%_Z-C']*O]_^!?\ LE6<XZBB
MB@ HHHH *AN/]2__  '_ -6IJKSG.3T$;$_3#9].W7VS]:+7T[Z??H%KZ=

MA)4LU.U_%&K;@JLSY+VB_NRI^5RI8+(_[F)V$DP\E'%?GO\ M)?\%./AK\#M


M
L]+
]V)GCM!$TL@0\E;&QPDUS:)-:+31?\ #?=8X\3BXX:ZJ3]E%MJ4VK\B





RK$99/$%OI6J6_FECYFJIM;?MS]D6W[!_P
-&<
M&QDN P



M])*?*SY T_X

^&[G3I=9LXM3\4_#O6;O1O%VFPOJ4.


UQ%#)/%+&B)B(H)F(CB8U\\Z
MO^TI_P $R_A_X3U#0K;XP_$Z\M)KW7-8!TR?X@:KJM\?$VH6&IW$EI?V2&Y3


_!72-3FTW4-/U/PWKNF:O'K@L8E
MLPD_V;]\3&&# D A-V0 #\T_ 7X&_L;_M-^#M-\5_3XU_%_P 6Z5J

L=M




%?%'


OC-^S-X7U^/_ (6MJO\ P4M\*_'+Q=X6T75[



OBQX T76@;F.;3KS7
M-.BN'N$F6PC9?)/FAY1
JG8ID);80$+8Z[Q)\3? WAOP/'\1+[Q!I=OX-LM)





R_)*O 2S^OBZ$


VYO(EU*ZLIM
M.O[&R010







MMI@B-PNGRK#+.#Y1D8A2C)R'
RL8DA /G

7RM_7I



%0/VY]7_8C_9XUWQ+X


MG&YXPC?A1IGQ



_P!K#_@A1XATFQL[
M+X%^.O NI:)I4SZ!K'P^L=0^'_BC3A% [6



933SI.


'Q0O]0\8:;J6O'^U].U2[TM-4NTN9/[4


;6OE



MNJ3P7OA_6K_3+6+3;/5+^[F\N/3-2&GQ[[GS69CM**6)BB7]RX*XKIX2A' 8



.35=2M



NT445N6%%%% !1110 4444 %5;PD
-/!WAGQ^=
M/\7ZA=Z)X$^*

M]$-Q7]%/_!='XI_%OPO\(/A?X#^'



M769-4OYI+W3[&

M_9$II49

MFJ:F^L0^'?%US;W?@BYT3S-7LM-?Q2UK+J4&GV#O 4U%+9A\=?M^ _@3KG




O@JV4O\
N6_X*




M*M]





VF^&O&^O&TLM=T3Q-
9_*
M\


;_@I3XU

M%BE/^KKZ6GXJYAD_N88J6N,RR5?+L/YUX1J4Z7_ )/!_'OTDO#WA_@O&Y3



3&2?9\T)6



M-_EY9XGC0!STR[@_Q=
9 )SM&@U1JM;JE.7?:
O\C#%8N.'CAH3ER0E4IQG-


$_P#@H!\:?C+?:A<7'A;Q+X5LM%D-G<^9=:3J

M$

5I22

@42%4)D3X3^

M20:' 'NX_#NJ&)KZ30-$LPLUM@S0C4KF.1KJ.) 7D94;MXIXESC

#0@MZC4


87S3D)7S3_P +






MM.@B_M/X;Z?-=:5I&N:(LT1M=5D^R?\ $M0B%6G@64G
\421@2




!NMN.ML2LZ\9S&








CXRXAS/.%? X
MC

U#X4ZFOBS2[76+*:

G





'CL%C:6
(+CPAK-W!.ITRYU#[?9:YK5K


M*?@+\/=1\.Z':Z;I5WX



/B1I%W92:O;Z


MJ'Q!\0^*XH/AQX?\0^*O$MQ=





MUO0M3CM+NV+6%OW$SR+%
.UO)



3&\+[6;BEUOS+=63_G+#4%AX.&]TU\VM_Q+Z]!]

@W6M:GIEJ3/K]_P'7P+5XEOFF:)<21F












M/['S?(\ES_*\FP^(_BQP4%3_ 
;ARQ_%(_NL_;+^-/P?^%_[+7CCQ]\1?BX_

M$?$GA^ZUSPQI?[0GQ \4ZG\0?B?XO\8W
:^/_%'B47WB*^OW\Z'51/I0)^SP

! :P?C1\?_%WQ


8&/)#\[:\;\.?#_XE?$V^T?X?_#C0_&/C3Q7IL3)IW@[



XSK 972KU7P[_;RRRG5Q3K=%'#0E5Y_-KV:E
M;7UZ'H9MQ!6E7CC

M]X#\

M/O\ ]F+XV_ 3XC:Y\

'1M

MUC









IRF*OUC]7I:JVMD
MHQ=EHN;IJW^'RIN&(GAW'^%S)I=&N5)/;9\R^1J4445[IB%%%% !1110 444
M4 %5[H9@?)8*-KL4V[MJ




UOY5M)MNE
MMRQ2




?[R1






MJ^



MB+3_ (2QSZ)_PC&F^&;30[/5-
::UU335NX9Y9[^V)EMVABOGG\].4
98_*&
M-8

M=8L5Y\?$V.5RCB
FROA.E3J/2IAN#6L13C+1SHM-/VJBTX:I.5D]&T_1Q'B?



*__ $YDXQ53
M^ZY]D8R\2.






MCVY6VA]_M$YBML_]-?3FN3

/PG]7Q%:;;A&E0




#.LQE2
MVE\DQF5MJHSI\]? ^[\9^&/!\$^B_ [Q%XVNKWQ7X9\3^%O%D_@C6=?T:.TL


449






.?AS)J'C?3;W]C_ $#6=8NM1U35
MM2T17^*YN/!(NWLK#0[GPYI^AVESHIT:6UCMFB2YB2\_M8VMP3;3RHWCUJG


@:PN+BX_MN\ 
MB7WG[/(6R00@82+Z'

^+=7^(V

MU]/J-_J\OB0+;?VY%K$C3

M'I&B&\L]



M$^

M']N7X/\ B^/XW210RKKWPLUGQX_P]\8:7X3/VVWLQX5M/$G]GWT2^8&GBE*Q
M0JIN)





M3Z]!7V4'V* /;CCT!/8^HK^E:-/#TZF#P^$_ATL(K/R48Z:MN]Y7_P /+;R_


M=:;JOC;XNQP7426_BVTU;POHVE2&$1K%)#;*/#?^G+!HXN79^JQHTG\-4M*^




;CPKX8TG7?

MTBEFG7P3X7#W 4



M2Z=V']BXG_GXO_)C\-+G]HCPW]EL=/M_B'\1C)#KE@+IY-'\);;K1=-@%C;*

MVFRZ7=


$3I$P.X8/[-Z7X
\







_EK++P(

M%%KZ=]/O)DI.


?P
\&_#3XFVD?_!1/7KOQEX\O8+ZW
M\+V/P@T:XL]1@\*R7/AB?6M6NO\ A&\Z=(=$T&SFA0_ZRZCAM^?-(KJ;'6OV


M3M_^#931(&5T_:WUS=$&0'_A6NG?Q*R$YMO$GF\ X^4C)X8;=U?.XGAS&1?.
M_L^\_EK_ )GZ#@O$SPFPDH1QG&'&=U*/S2:UMZ:ZWW=D? /A?XV_#71-9T-=







9/W:@;_ (-G]'GS

)/W)-*5GI:^NG9[HC
M







B\'&T


DG&2E\+33]&FG^# \6^)/Q5\

M







$_@RTUGPO\

+26M





M?_A*].L++1M0DT$S3G3;6=+RRU&UDFL+KHK?_@F3K^K:H1?Z/\/](BB\%?'S


M_K+^';/Q)I+:O;&YEET^+4A'J8:PAALBDMKC#?/&7F7)5(P[8&TU^&EW_P $

ML?
L






J.<DHHHH *0]

MF)]?
?YCGL.%7HHVXJ5T5P PR.21DC/;'!'7/K['K4
UW;V[QI++'&7:-/GD
M1-IF8QP@AF!)EFV01!03)
Z1J[J#I!+=V\@([VZ:SB246TUQND5',*P@5@
MQ:XF!97\F


MF;YKJ&*3;!*[#C/G[ /Q@^'?CZQ\?ZKI/P8^+]C+XC^
UQJ'@+QAJNM6GA


L)]=K=QVD^C:
MU,&T]700PE@PC=Z[X^)7A6WMKO5;OQAX=DTO2[HZ7J$USKWARWAMM04[2[2


M
DZ1(A4D






MU#-\R7.GDWL



3Q.!;V]A$D#(V $92X9NUK[V?2WIU33_JQ]-4445T&04444




?B#]_-)&MLY
TYS^^.M^'K37+2[L=12.\L;


M(I' P&MUZH^:9?V]$TCP]X[G\;?#9[7Q=X%\9? 7X:^)(M/UVWN=$UCQ'\=K
W?C/QC9Z5


MIDNOA3%+I_@W6IH)289=4\*+-%8Z))([?9[$?*6(58_1D_9G^!OS&+X=^%I+
MIO'DOQ:$\VF O!\1;VUFM)?&D85@#JTUO+);SJ7V36\DT+X5^0UYH_C;;\#\

\:BVG\=WWQ!AFG%Y:J))+R;3;6STZ7

MKNA7.B





MY%K&OZ3K3:7J^I7:6]C8:?8:;-'KVIW
&J&2TA+7=O\ I3KW[$7[*_B3Q5/X
MMU?X/^%KS7;S7-!\6W





M8O\ 0RFF_:)3'

MUV^T;P0GP
D\*^%=
U
D?:KF.S^(&H2BXPVU86D\J;'DM^EWB+]A+]EKQ'X0


X?#.K_$G^QX;:&3P];^'O#VJVMU9ZC]I

M_P!5?BQ\ /AA\6[;27^(&BOJ#^'KZ6XT#4++4]3T;4M(;4XVT^Y:UU'2)8;^




MB9H8?

44F@.:/W]S\_;K





M23Q+\2;K]FN3]GXQZ-I]W\5_!@_:1_X2;2;O4_$7PSTC6_%]KX M_ L?A];:
6VV2+'(GH^C?\%2XM5TK7_B#IWP$^(<7

'A^X\5WGB+1-=FDFE816N
MFODRS)$3^AY_96^ \=UK&H/\
*-+NO$FEMI?C3Q+I6C:B/ FI+]OU'PWX8TW2-1\
M/0^)(Y[


J




M:Q:6EQ/;RWJZ3INNZM%K.N6MD-2DDEL(M1UV'^T)(].5!OC6''D%EDZW7OV-

M0Y9D:97VX0


9?AO
MPWIGA?2=*T/1K1-.TC2;2UL-+T^$@0V%AIUFMC86

# ?_9
end







begin 644 img_005.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 Y 7L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H







MCCH?PXSQR:_.?P%%\8=4\NZA\9W
KL0Q3T4E
2XG34O







C[(9!M4].6 (';L#Z]*8=
OYSYGGC

=1:Y^QZEI=WIBM.8%BN(#$A.200W=RJMA?0$X

9K'3H_-NGB5&D9D7MAXT7=V+CUKIH_#_7=
MF]JKTH_Q7_#_ 
7_  W
5$<=E;J6YX'' )ZM2RTN
^*=-EL[M;6&TU

MZCM7XSK_ 
%A7FMWO[+X6?Z-#$;I!)+Y4CR*RQA2WKB1CCOC/.*;:_\ !6.;
J^
M#N)\1AJM2G2]M44+PI?SN\?=^YM_(_;JVT&]VCR;'Y@
D8SE
@'T[X]_7I7I



).TJO_ #[7\R]+)?

MJ.JW%V\D=Q?L Q9'DN/-!89 PHZ'G[WH.YJ?P/!JFN:K86E^TTPEG;9
8&

M-U*





MB@ J.4 H2WW5#LW^[Y;@_P ZDJY.V&0^B/_ .@-0!^-'Q?2YN/B%XX-S)_

MCZ5\4Z]\#+VQ6:/PU.+!'WJJE[9 JD$X;[7^Z9=P7*#YSP1\JMG]3O$LJSPJ

%


*O@[\:O\US
M'XH_8G\-);SJSSMIMA]EC8D[BXD_B7M^[XR<-T6O!]<BTFTF5O$/[(:V30J








-)

MV?\ @C)JTA_:P\16DG34/!EU
/K#

M'Y6&WZG.?7 /3O\ H%_P1J\-O9_M-:]=3?Z^+P=XFD_X#]JT7/IW(K'#X?EK
MTI:Z33_/S\SAQG^ZU_\ KV__ $J!_4R/O2 ?P2!/_(
#?6G4A;YP/[X9_P E
MA']:6OIH?#_VZSY@****8'TVJX.0RMT( )QR
Y Z@C&?K7B'QB^._@CX+:




M)//DX(8B
?S_ (?^


'A?=['J?ZK9

$
.IP3



2V_E1*K
(OM
K#@QJTJQ

4N$N(VFI99[&-M:O_/M?S?I\S]5?#&FOJU[#



MW


_JTTG6-.UVT@U#2KRVU#3[A-\5U:-F!CA2%R6+;B&S
MCL
Y )%:K!-QY(]OP^A_G7\\G_!*K]MSQ#\4/CMXN^!%V;ZZ\





%A,T<R1W:^@@
M5D+=1T8*/QJH_$O7_,#[0L_B-X&UWPO/IFMP1/JTL.V\2W\HDXVB(M_=(8L


MK)%'Y?WA [JI8XXQN*@^Y [U+JFORZ?*;&UN9H5MHHG*28VCS%+$?7G\L]NF
MQ

_F1U]1GM7V+\*_%WB-]/D2.RAFCB4LR

E\N

^V#2E\+]/\ (RC\2]?\S]/[CQ?J8M)YSI+E%C*DH/F#

M
/G%ER5[!2#\WH

M99W;W

M'0(R@=NJX/TXQ]3GM7K

\57ZV-_?10VF

#

MZUZ;8WTMWHWB8V\9:.#?'YGB0;0&Y[\DC/49ZUY=I^N7OVRP:ZFA18[E#L




M?1WEE#=;X7'[^+S5(V


MMG%W5+_GY_=^:;?R/\^[Q5X$\6^&II+^_9N\*6)0-DSZ/\ (N5V@_WB
D'

M=HKZ[_NE[I_O_P#IWH[^?(?CK/XS^)H8=^'7@+2XR HE3P=YC#)^X)^=V2
M0^W_ &




^=+?X2&.5+G7_$&N:E)C=(U[J^H
M7X
F0=QANCY:M@

M]\@5[6_@U(IOLMR_FW

ME
U?R]?\
M!$'PZ(?VD/B?J,__ !])\.M0#^OEG7ON3]=P4_TK^I1+9)(XW)(+1QDC _N

0 1R=%8J<$9[\G\,UZWX0@TN2XM%BNK9%+AR?5
M<@8]N2#ZC]#[OXE_X)WE6#^&O%K3\;HX[N 7!5,'Y=I^XP8H-_\ 
C^*O
&
M_8R^-'AW4(IK&Q75K6&90?(U#[
^P
&


M^GT=XY^&_P 7K7PQ%I]OX5U/S$LXUD^R7_VJ7:I 8M&.0FXKE^S;1SNS7R[J
M?PN^+




MOP]UR96R58);6O& 3)=_NV'S8*+^\.0R_*KIE&4HN
/B:M'UT_R9TT_CCZ








I(Y1]


EW!_Y83RQ3LD@XZJL;*/




M=9EFSF.7RB 






M?XCM].



T$?0!OK4RH**<M-%?^OO/Q+

5'FD



M_O=K[]_T1:HHHKH)BBB@ HHHH *8_0?7^AI],?H/K_0T -3J?I_45GW9JT



\9^&)8
M[N4^&]=\0WNDW.JQ=8##I#36L;=?E

9.DJ_P!=E*U)
MKXVYJ22[/1M/R9_(


1)\K2SXVY!.?4'C
MOUQQ7KW@/X_?_XAS_9?_B2QO;L']W:$Q2G#(F6/0J&D52/[S _7\?[OX;


M+]COX[?MZ^
3[ G!]R,GTZVZRK.8Q^



M^N&SV'?%?E5\6IANU+=_JQ#

MOGM]/Z5^6OQ3999[M'^X([N9^G^KMK2YNI^O_3&&3/TQVYX







MVEFRY:%69CM9WB\T

ME;D&


\%_&34?$-I%I_@O
MQA/;O


M_N;I-_X9Q_P*H_^+G@Z?Q#^V+XJ\4

M444 %




0




/ OPV\1ZGJ=





2
MS_TDZ_YD+M*GN9@Z9'=_S_+7_@H5_P %+=8_:1\-#X7?#M/L'@B[M;



P49.
M37


8;
MYF^3Y@#\Q4U_G=:9\#OC9XYDCM?_@77[BSN;BVL[5G/V*WGN+T$1Q^9SORI
M9Q%U8(6_@)K]6O\ @DI\2_B[^RE^V5X=_9WU8VSZ+\9I=87QKH8@Q=Z7J^@:
M'=6]I.]SQYB107-QR=WF1A]VOT3+
\Q6


!F?MG@J4I0I?\_'&4(\OS4F_^W3^IGXH3^4MT/57'/N&_SQ[U^8/Q04SZ

M&BIXH\6:'X??D:]K^EZ*/KJU]%IV
\=KD_SKMJU^:K&/=V_/_(_*
+2^KPQ5
M/O2_%?Y'];'[$WAM?/[


:%IA^EI8):?^V@KT%/NC\?YFJ/GI:U:WDW^


MU].]OS7^1


=5]:_:/345+$61!S&9

5\]?M3_)OC#\'?%?ASL[:ZU:]M(A9S7
7F0R36\ZSQ

M[FF#I4_:U/J-2

GBR36O$'A:\U'1?







M(4L5AYPIS^!R2EZ?U8_+G]I^]
=EJ


?;@;NF?;




M\%^-K739];X^R:=9Z-XBN-/M[M2.-QCM?(7U69JGEOO@M\3=$_:+CTK7?#[^

MOQ=X






T=G=3%?16.:Z2T'[







KNQQVM_#?XW:*FOZC_PN#PKI


I-2^$OA2X
5YH^F
MR7!.ORV$MS:I



DICDEA

H

!?4XFR!Z9Y!S7RM\=7Q9^T]\&M;[MQ\3?]Z_?C1=4AUL_^FWI
M]


M5)Q[_E4\S*H3?T9POXD



M&T+YB[]C_P!B]\D4EK
@!8/%-&R#;\ZRP2PLIQV42;S[)CKBOXL?B5X!T?\

\$YIQ;Q+F/$V287B/
M&Y?DSQ&4Y#C


M+Q*SQW/QK^(=G(T11_+N;UM2PP^Q9+0^820I(1OD*H6/*K7Z _$?X,_!OXY
M^+_@SH#ZGHND_#31_@Y?:?X:FT&XT^2WNO&&MR6]CX2M=86T'FZN+BTD(+8
M0LFTD

7X8\%9#C



L_#C4/%7V7Q+J7




MXPV



M1110 4444 %%%% !3'Z#Z_T-/IC]!]?Z&@*FO\ =/X?S%.J.8LL,I79N$C

^I_+;7UW%;;O

#/_BS2[C1O%


M=:?XNN+2


?Q;O;O5?#L
?


OC!


*HU
#A



ML#;&V75QK






M.ERG\*^/_&7@W2OASX0T[P9H4I_LG1X[FQBC?B2.2^#V^QLCH1*S'WQ7ZH?\


U^


YF4!E!+ _P!B V
_
5[FI

M
^@X4XFXAX'S3YWP]4]AF6J_6
%53^&JE*.JZKDJ5;:NSE=6N?YZ_[1/[%


ML3

MQWN'V\ A.G (^ Q_!6;8.I[?+
?];P]7WI826GMXM7]G?5-/273X5W/[T\.?

5A?K^%PL[J+Q&(P;:E6IQLU*GJFZD9?8L_Y


MY/-_P;^?'J]F6.]^


M)]9^ZOG_ 
!



MW
/\



PQV4U^IY5DL


M?QU^W%\#3IY&J:9'K-SXIMKI
^6/^$:LKG6QCWQ9

ME.T&?_(7ZUIAOXE7T?YH^+S;XJ'JOR9:HHHKJ/++%%%% !1110 4444 %
?H
M/K_0T^F/T'U_H: (JHZC$L]I+Q*^:DD:L/X&:&0!OP!-7JAN!F)@.02&[J


%Q!)$T;?QNL-O


+BK#

TRS!I
M/$XJO&FW4HT-[U&U4:5FN6E)[WO_ %J^*?A9JMQ?ZOX@\)^([FQU+5(Q/Y
F
M/(\Z


MDO\ *
 9Z\_?WA'XN?##QQ#]M\


3QSSS4W]/N1XL.)849*E-249NTES-V5K

#L

MK17Q4N9KVBNFXO6SUM;1VM9=3\LM3U+X._#FWL/L'P:N-7\
//+I45O%:_:I
MK4V6H3^8K1$D*@N&0%LG!95_BJKI7QD







MLK?#^#4K'X6:C/\ $CQ!9V\L=M]GL_
TZ6;9*G[R?^.
3&


MB$/8?$+Q[\2]=AG2?S8[I=\33?#WS@O8G_A0
]LD=Z_P R_P#:]_X*&_'S

MY?%G2O@_X&F\9:\O_$GTZ]T^'4[@_P#+K:7%TJM==\A&* ?[YQ75^_$NE^
M+=-M=;\
/B
MQX=AMGN[Z?P7XBN--MXO]:VKPZ/?'2&C_PFBZF;4KVR3ZFOYE_V9_VX/C#^
MRKJ@\-:B#KGA2SU2Z@O]$OR?[1@@MK^2._CA'3B_2[ R


VU[E@00@2%Q)U!W


OK2

M@'^'-9/GL^3X_L_C_P '7\R

MKCX5:&AM;'6X+O7;B9(+/31/YDUM)9O#YB
G;$4LBDYZL!WKYS\9_P#!0CX/



X_AUX2UWPO
MXKT#Q7X)M](MW3?!K]@\MSYEL.Z-
[0S!QR! P/6OS-^*7P/_:!^(:VVL?%K

&6#




?H/K_0T^F/T'U_H: (JC




;O5-9\)V4WB?PO+

5!(W[S_I
MC&J&-N^]X^N



(Z%2I[#%*



0DY*SM+ZG_ +U:5W^X

 _*OSGJ!M#5R.


SXQQLXI;S=EZN[_)
_.




M T.PWW=W


[KBWM2%6)@X C=L91F

MV?4@5Q'BKPIHOC/0;G1-?C%QI=]&5=%^^LBJX5XSSB15+X.#P2.:YL=E=/,
M83A5O[*I%QG=/7:32MNTTO\ (^^\-?%'B'PHXGCG7&8I8JC[.OB


VT&^T.;YMZ'_4QORZ^X8_ENYZUX$LCSG!1;RG^#%7^6B_4_T+R7Z
#O\ @K+^
MT-X;M[:/Q-]A\1)'MA:.YDT^)Y!D,6!M?WA8A #\AW$GY@M?0VG?\%J9+.&








/W4K\X4
!\I:O@OXO?\%KO
MVJ/&
-Q:^%[G3_(N)\1Q6]OI]U=) 8IU.5MLR(-[1DRM\BL%4\LIKY6_P&



_$5G:V&GZE

?BGQY=6&H

-M_!(02ZO\ PJKKCYA7[Z_LZ?\ !


JL3Q&90O!
MP5[8;;\W;OR:^LJ*J



M06=

M
A90HFM/^6:%2Y




%Y)&3VK


MWT_J*#3Z_B/YE]Q\^&?^?OPCL(677WU+6I@^YD2?[' 2.=[Q=2N-R[!UWY



*!P

end







begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!



M#_#.GP'PUFV;\&\)U)KA')LQS/



M+89'20V\DKFZ6&&V#O!YTLTZ;8U=BZGY&ZWPC_P5L_:\T2]DEUY/A;\1-
%M

';?_ ((V_M:[


MK
M8#&PHTX)SKX6;PN3UJE6




$4\-13Z_#YI%_P %2_VSI_


SJY/7X+X;S
M+!U\'+
LJQV.R?!5
?3I8?$1H9GEV.Q2]G]=JX7ZQE^8X+&U*=+$U\OQD\'C
M'B



*E))DC\N1]\IV2EPN]








M0



UOQWK

MP/


!F0EE6LWX%_\ !
;X


N\/89G#


MX# GE6P1G9S,RR1JAS'*RL?+_N 8F];6X@U7]F2UNM0GF-_P##+]I]] \.

9QSQ/3QF P.+Q^S+9E5P.
M(J4\#+ U
9@

X:*29S<(R(8$@LYYI5F9
JQ(0JO_


D=60R?35W_P1H_:?M+)[BT^*?P%UR]M8

DT*0RF?P\SS/Z-^29E
MCLCS?)^!

9M4IJ26'C/
MFC)4XR;A&3O!/_!7O]I3P[JJQ^+_  Q\-/BCI*O']ML;:WN/ 7B)X8$MOM_]
MEZQIESK6@-

M-


M5U  C

;S68!($2/6_A




M0$$D;
[?(!)'D?.






MYE'
\UAC
#.-;+\MP&+P



C
M9JC7QE;&5H8;#SG&H\OH+'3HTW7HTI_WKZ1^U3^S!!INF6T_[2?[/\=Q::?9


ATG3SJ31N9=)M)&E8I;)
M;Q).8@DHB%L1'F))Q*JHLU2RZY:Q6K(L6VVW0M B)$AW#Q)&4M8R66/.9




Q6



M[4;ETM].TG1-&TY+B\NY[AC'%%#I\;3\;I=L22I[1\0]7TOP%\.?OP$LM8

MC\6W'CJ\T^\N-.MO''CR^T&UN[BXT&_9?CBU\6)-]EU'3K^XM?+:*[TO6=%U


WM[+^F9OCZSS#):^*;_LF&.I.N
MJ4E2Q

WQ

(-2TGX@_'PE'X<UG^S[#4TTZXT[
MX@^/?FL3S'2M3@U!);.P:U\B7R&E:\BD@'N5[_P3/\ ^C-K:W%Y+^RCXKD




A90K!C^T7_!


M
)B5556


Y/ '&
 #MVJ6HHCN12. !@

MND)


M




UP.$P^'PV+IO#8NG2

MD? BY\*? ?XS72_8%U+Q)\'+F^N8?V7?B?JMU;Q)=ZMJ_P .]._M?]F+Q-K%




MW:&\BMKS32(I'9[(+:LF]Y5D:$AO
LHI=ZK_ *6_A;_D6/#61ACH&ADKM!VL
MNFV14;3@Y##/&N,\8S7\'7_  6_9C'[(_[9OC1-(TQ['X3_'J]U3XV_#-D

^(]*TVUAATS3T4
M?CGA!Q]F$L3FW#V;8_$XVI4J5LRRNMC







M#5]J.IZEJ5^JK%9VT

MQ-+J
4\D;RF.0VR12W

M)JROA\/[&-6=.-&

HZZ
M#;^(]2U'6K70(IXV-M+'H%MJ
^/-<\
^]$:)A?ZU:SSVT5SZ3\3?'O@7PWX


MC?LY206B



,?^AO[&7




MQO'=[HOAHZKI^E7=Z?.@:+;^'?[0^VZCXEM$^EXPXMR_A/@G$91#%J559!
M/(


\.\)8K.N):&9
MU:22EG%/.LPQ&&C*%&G../GCVN=V5YU84J5.ES5*DH)U)6BI']#
/^K3TX'7

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 449Z^W^?\GZCJ#1G_


MQK\.M1U#1=3U.S\*+IZ:EI6A7%])XALO#OB/3O$.J:G=S07MQJOAO1=-OK34

MWF^/J4

M^(O#^#;;P9XH_;-^$VIZ+X,\&65K=V5EX=\&11^-+.[TBWTF\@M[/7+VZU
M/Q7;06.DVY\0-%IMDD4NG_M_P#!-1/'BOPIK'_  4 _9P\8WWCJ[T_5?$/




M/#UI




M[#X9M='T'0_#VG:7X?T/0]



M/_::\46_PT_:
_9OT?XQ7/PH^

M:[:[31[*:^TG1/%=K%(+A[J*QCDAD26TWM\2_$K_ ()X?$+QCJ7Q U/]K_\

E*?MH<Z?(H<
MKBN6
TI1^8M!_P??[ 
WQ)^(W@B^_X)E?![2-%^''AMO$.M^)[.ZT7Q#=Z
MII&MC7K_ 
+1:-X0TRZDU/4KGQ




I-)7Q#XQ\=?'C]



M_!+CX
2^+O4?VO@IK_ /PEOC73?#4SVO@G2K^+PUI=^T=MJGC368=8N7@;
MP[H

+'2)?C_

/)?5O$^B%-;DU.P\8BUM;6#3=934GBTVVA9K.RCFGN9Y_7XGS/



M_@GM:?%R;XRW'[9'[
D'C-_!
/@6XMY_VFOA-'H!TRVU2YU:+5SH$GB];6/Q



M
/A)^SHMI58T[4U%-05-07+:\:CDY)02^#/%?[&/_!
;PIX'T_XBVO\ P3H^



M?5O#^GVNFR6&L+J]JVJ35==^,G_!-#7+;PS8:5^WY^SOX+TC0? .B_C6-.\




M$X\SQFH! =2?]D@D D5E'_@I%_P3T24PR_MX?L8)*JEVC;]J7X&K(J!E4N8V
M\=APJLRJ25 #
HZD5]]&
[:PDK;I1F^FRO'6R2ZOU=KOL;BG\4?_  *+]?M;
M7V?5:GVI17QVG_!0[]@68;H?VX/V/I5*EPR?M-?!5U* A=^4\;-\@9E!89 +
M =2!22_\%#_V!8-@G_;@_8^A:1/
C$O[37P4C\Q.?G0/XW!9.#\RY'OUIVE_








?\ P42_8F+#]N3]CJ
M?:0KB']ISX)R%68%E4[?&_!*X8 X)&2





C_ (6%D=#V

6V_MP?L?
JXR5
M_:9^Q(ZDAO^*UPORJQ&2.A[ D*S_EG_ . 3_P#D0YH_S1_\C_\D?8=%?'Y




$W
M;K9]F_X*!_L0W'F



2O'?G

MP4*_8+.TC]MS]D#:Q*@_\-
?!8@E1E@/&I!*C!8#D Y-4G]B?SA/\ ^1#F





MXW!FW^.P%4K@[B0

Y\O]J_X#/M((#!B
M/'Q *D@-Z$CU%*TOY*G_ (!/\/='S1_FC_X%'_Y(^X:_
#XD?\%9?V8?A3XG

M)



M)_;9T+_@G[=?#


_#\GAJZAN[B6.X?YDDD_X(;VWQ?F^.4_[




_%G_@F[^TS^



M\
?'#Q3\4/!?PN^*_P *;67Q/;OJGPP\6:_\'O&\=KJWB/\ X1?7K#2;?2O$

M7Q#G\












M9KRW23\




MS^T#X:_9_AT[6?VE]8_9*N? TWQ%U#7M+\17'C7X+SVWP:\91_$OP=I'A/Q?
M=ZM91:9:2^&-:BN?L$_SOXO_ &!O^ANK?'RW_;+L+G]G#QW^SI\1_V1O!/


M^W[-OPUGB^.OP.\0?;P%^VQ\.]?\:?%3]J7X;?%SQI;77Q;_9$\ _#KX:7


M3#E7\L?_  &/_P B?OM\6OCK^R)\ O!7A7XE?&CXJ_ ;X3?#SQSJ6F:)X+\=

MC#OLH)9DXV?]KO\ 8&MO&GP]^';_ +0W[


?P
MC^TO^S+\?_&?[)7_  34T;X4? '4/ WC3]F37? 'B3QW\ /@)^TCH/P;USX2
M:7;_ +$'QK^ -Q\.OA!\?+YWL(]


MPJ\':Y\!_B9^UUKOB*S^+_@'5= \&W_[0GAVT\(_'OP7(;W0O!_AV+Q'XST[

&D]TGZJ+_.+T\M#]3-(_;4_X)I^
M)/ WCWXG:/\ M0?L:Z[\._A9:Z-?_$?QO8_%#X.WOA?X?Z=XDUZ#PQX=U'Q9



M@
?_ )%G[KR?M.?L.:1\-?B/\97^._[






P_P)AH-^P_L[7M/1K_1KJ_LX



M%^-MK-\5/#^E^$_@#J_P8U_2_%=E:_%OP;\4/'^M?'OP_IWP)\(^&;?Q#JVG


+):I17I%+\DC[Z\(?\%*OV!O'W@KXK?$7P7^UO\$/

ZGPMQIK-/&T@CD?D
M=\:OV.?VY/VN=/\ B1XU^)WP%_9=^ /C#PC^P9\5?V+/A;\.OA[\5KOXFZ/\

MIV$GA/\ 8C/P4_;2O_@W%JMQ/IU\7^(VJ_&#]KO0/A=X_P!!TRST30[?X8_L
MX_C7XWU35;:\:[7*O/_ ,E_F-:?TG^A^S?A_\ X*/?L&^*_@UX[_:$\-_M




M/VF12J@$@D9R0
#)))P.PYX%%O-]OBEMVW)LNR[ZI/7OJGKY[^8C*YQMD*]



M/'/((SUZ@CGI30C]?-;IT*Q\$CKPO7OU(SVQBI**7*O-_.7_ 
E^([^GW+_(

M3S3\'.=QQC&

!
')Y/\ X[C^6?SI-K9X





 &5L!L#('!P
Y Q4M%)*VSDO24O\QNS5FDUZ+I\BF=/LCD&TMF


MVI_^!S_^2#EC_+'_ 



PW9^V.5!Y[GC'Y=J4 CJQ/X* .G3CV/4GK]
.


M?00#P:++S_\  I?Y@




MU*:R^5/VI/V-?VA_VGOB5^T&FOZS\(]
^%WC/]E;XF_L[? 'Q':^




MX5_&33[%?#L^A:





V/P(^
OP4L?V5OAKI7



_

*ZI9Z-X[N0#]R?C5\??AM\ M*\(ZI\0[KQ4[^
M/_&UK\.? V@^!/AO\1?BUXS\6^

:;
M'=ZGKL]C8V=S-!\(?'?X

ZIK7B/X'7GA'P
M#\9OBM\3=






MY=#LX[/4]-ELM1M[[UK3%N#8ZS?P2^3G6)S?X=;),MPV;9BJVC#!8S
U

'@*F+QM&@\++ZW6PL




XM4#;YH%6.6.&0L\85)IO)$
$C$A4FG-
MQ;^3&Q#R^=$$5O
7


M

MP0\(_$+Q+\=_VX/B!XX^/NB)-9_$6W\$?M0:EXMLO#-P- E^%NH7GCSXR:?X










MA8)IWC?1-











MBD^&.K:[=OX8'AV]OK7Q/X)\8^ ]0U#POXTL+W4O GQ!\.6'C/1-%NO$WPV\

#7%N(VN8
M%E1I[=)M_DO-$I



/Q

M5QXR^*5M9V_B);C41-IBK9BQ4/9VBV\4F^8:;9LINKFZ%DD4MO8+;0W-PLOC
M9EBLYH8O)J65Y9A
=A





M;'.



M?$%EI7YQ:5_P3A^/EU\;_A;\:/$'C[X8Z'XFT_XH:E\8_&'B?PGKGQ#OM5^&
M5YXH\6?'74_B!\

M^-_AQX1TK4?'$VAZ9]%C]F_]IC3_ -H1/'=WK?P]^+/PQ^&7P(NOA;^SX/B3









MYQMS

4;
JO*$&Y_*4D&38N&?9N**06P
M&!/B$OP'\$M\;S\?S#J)\??\(D/!@;^T!_99TN
W BD^RO;&:*?R;F6)HH[L




MD

=6^







MP\T&3QEKOASQ;\4?B]K_ 




_%G@J?P):?%_XCZ7;_ !(^

_P#P3^^*'BS]H;X3




M)Q:Y8:5\9K?Q=IER/V'?!&J^!O@-\+;+2;?3OAA\4/#EWIFEZPGW#^S)^POX

/A






MG]BS1OVTO$\EO?OX4O1K.M:%X:U1O VDZ8MKI]MXAU^.VU:YU+P_H=S/-8_I




%AXJBO/%6




9
MM0U*Z36&N)(_FSX/_P#!1#5?#/A;3_!GQ4T?XC_$WXUZ#XF\^%/C-:^(/ _
M@WX):_\ GXC_$[]H7]G+X.Q?S6_ ^G:SK^F!?#7A_]IWP'\6O.OZ9K_B/













5_L=_M.?M+
M? 73?AYK+:_JL'PXLKGP]^S3X@\=_$.VU'0O$.I1^'_&OPL_L%+K2/$YN9_Z


9C'F.*HX





MM^C^.D\/:M\/?@-K&M^$?BG%\*/#_P #]7U[XCZ#X6U7QA\3_BUH7[('B+1/

M[(OBWPWXE\'^*/V:_@EK_ACQGK'@CQ!XLT75?AMX4O+/Q)K/PT\#Z1\
?A_J

M8FF
MT^W?6;2Q5=6/V^6]:OECPO\ MX?M'ZU:W^DZWKG@O2?'GPX^(/\ P26^#'Q?



+O7OAQ^U1\=-8\

CM?&(^'


OC+X:T/





_'WA'5X#::)X*\

5A\0O%?A
M_P %ZMJ5MJ#_ !;D\











M?AA\.OAK)XJE^'O@?PKX(;QSXKUSQYXR'A70M-T&+Q-XW\3W]QJWB;Q?K4&F

'-?_ &.O$'CSXGV5
MI\&_ <?A77_BU\(-+^V@^*M4_9FT_X7Z&OQ@O-=U?7_ !)XQ\;?$[P1\0KG


M


CQ:1IZ6S

?'7XA:UIDMU\7/@G


M'ATR4V68M L*@'Y[:;^UY\0/B3^T_\ $+P%/XC^/_PF\ :W!XB^OP!L/'
MPK^#Q:W\7]/_9L\._M-:POB;_A;&A^




MYL['Q1ITVL6#ZIJ'OWP]^


M

+3RVMB
5^_R^E0QN(P^:?6



MBH_CSJ'QITH^#;OP;/\ !+XMZ]\&?$#W6O6.L)JWBOPV%OM1N=&%K:6L[Z)_



?\
J_LRB\^(VHK^SW\%$U'XP:WX?\



MWVF^'[K1?AO:^)(H=)\2&-KGAO\ :J^*EMXM_8;\1Z5\5_CWXG\#_$GXO_M$

OQ#_9U?]JK0_B+X0O-=^!WAC0M?_X:4M_BW\$CX*^'

M.D/BWQ




MFNZUXBGO6UC5+Z\G /BW_@F[^U)\:?VB+#1=5^
&JZ1K#_%C]DW]E;]M#0=/

MUQI!=6EGIGZJUY3\


 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Litigations, Claims and Assessments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time, the Company may become&#13;involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent&#13;uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company&#13;is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a&#13;material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Licensing and Royalty Agreements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial&#13;manufacture, distribution and sale (each a &amp;#147;Licensor Product&amp;#148; and collectively the &amp;#147;Licensor Products&amp;#148;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee, Licensor&amp;#146;s trade secret recipes, formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such&#13;Licensor Products (the &amp;#147;Recipes&amp;#148;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The term of the Agreement (the &amp;#147;Term&amp;#148;)&#13;shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each&#13;December 31 is referred to herein as an &amp;#147;Agreement Year&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Exclusive Term began on January&#13;1, 2009 (the &amp;#147;Effective Date&amp;#148;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated or extended&#13;as provided herein. Licensor, at its option, may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee, delivered between&#13;the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if, on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement&#13;Year, Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &amp;#147;Minimum&#13;Royalty&amp;#148;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence, and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement&#13;and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith, Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)&#13;years, by notice in writing to Licensor, delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration&#13;of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter, until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee&#13;that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith, or until terminated by Licensee.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Either party may terminate this Agreement&#13;in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60)&#13;days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights&#13;are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;Termination by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event, all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the Agreement the&#13;Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive&#13;Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &amp;#147;Royalty Rate&amp;#148;), multiplied by Company&amp;#146;s &amp;#147;Net&#13;Sales&amp;#148;. As used herein, &amp;#147;Net Sales&amp;#148; means gross invoiced sales of Products, directly or indirectly to unrelated&#13;third parties, less (a) discounts (including cash discounts), and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or&#13;granted from the billed amount (collectively &amp;#147;Discounts&amp;#148;); (b) credits, rebates, and allowances actually granted upon&#13;claims, rejections or returns, including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively, &amp;#147;Credits&amp;#148;); (c) freight, postage,&#13;shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes, duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount, when&#13;included in billing, as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance&#13;with reasonable accounting methods, consistently applied.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net&#13;sales up to $500,000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500,000 up to $2,500,000 of Net Sales for each&#13;Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2,500,000 up to $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in&#13;excess of $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Royalty&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;to be Paid with &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Respect to Such&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st &lt;/sup&gt;and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd &lt;/sup&gt;and 4&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;50,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;75,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;100,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;125,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company incurred $271,880 and $&#13;284,861 of royalty expenses for the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative&#13;expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreements with Placement Agents&#13;and Finders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;(A) April 1, 2015&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a fourth Financial&#13;Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective April 1, 2015&#13;(the &amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, the Company shall pay to Spartan a&#13;non-refundable monthly fee of $10,000 through October 1, 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.&#13;Additionally, (i) if at least $4,000,000 is raised in the Financing, the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5,000&#13;per month from November 1, 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5,000,000 is raised in the Financing, the Company shall&#13;pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5,000 per month from November 1, 2017 through October 2019. If $10,000,000 or more is raised&#13;in the Financing, the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5,000 (as determined&#13;by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month)&#13;on the first day of each month during the period from November 1, 2015 through October 1, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company upon closing of the Financing&#13;shall pay consideration to Spartan, in cash, a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver&#13;to Spartan at the closing of the Financing, for nominal consideration, five year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon&#13;exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants&#13;shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price&#13;equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or, in the case of exercisable, convertible,&#13;or exchangeable securities, the exercise, conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more&#13;than one closing, Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016,&#13;the Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10,000. In connection with the Initial Closing, the Company agreed to&#13;pay an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157,300. The Company also granted warrants to purchase 179,259 shares&#13;of common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $84,547 which is treated as a direct cost of&#13;the Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating Lease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2015, the Company began a&#13;lease agreement for office space in East Rutherford, NJ. The lease is for a 51 month term expiring on March 31, 2019 with annual&#13;payments of $18,848.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Total future minimum payments required&#13;under operating lease as of January 31, 2016 are as follows.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 37.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 11 - Stockholders&amp;#146;&#13;Equity (Deficit)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(A) Series A Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On May 28, 2015, the Company amended&#13;its articles of incorporation to establish the designation, powers, rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions of the Series&#13;A Convertible Preferred Stock (&amp;#147;Series A Preferred&amp;#148;). The Company authorized 120,000 shares of Series A Preferred with&#13;each share of our Series A Preferred having a par value of $0.00001 and stated value equal to $100 (&amp;#147;Stated Value&amp;#148;),&#13;as adjusted for stock dividends, combinations, splits and certain other events. The Company analyzed the conversion feature for&#13;potential derivative classification. Despite the ratchet features included in the conversion option, the Company concluded that&#13;equity treatment was warranted since the feature was clearly and closely related to the host contract. The holders of the Series&#13;Preferred A will be entitled to (a) dividends at a rate of 8% per annum, (b) a liquidation preference equal to $100.00 per Series&#13;A Preferred share, (c) the option to convert the Series A Preferred shares to a number of shares of common stock calculated by&#13;dividing the Stated Value by $0.675 and (d) warrants to purchase a number of common shares calculated by dividing the Stated Value&#13;by $0.675 exercisable for a period of five years at a price of $1.00 per share. There is also an automatic conversion based on&#13;the occurrence of certain events detailed in the Certificate of Designation. As of January 31, 2016, dividends in arrears totaled&#13;$66,992.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During May 2015, six directors of the&#13;Company entered into convertible note agreements with a maturity date of July 22, 2016 for total proceeds to the Company of $650,000.&#13;In June 2015, the notes were converted into Series A Preferred. Additional proceeds of $560,000 were received pursuant to closings&#13;that occurred in June, August and September. In connection with the closings, the Company also granted warrants to purchase 1,481,481&#13;and 179,259 shares of common stock at $0.675 per share to shareholders and the placement agent, respectively. The warrants granted&#13;to the placement agent have a grant date fair value of $84,547 which is treated as a direct cost of the Financing and has been&#13;recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During November 2015, the Company completed&#13;the final closing of a private placement with 11 accredited investors and issued an aggregate of 10,200 shares of Series A Preferred&#13;and warrants to purchase 1,511,112 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of $1,020,000. Stock issuance&#13;costs of $132,600 were paid to placement agents yielding net proceeds of $887,400. Of these issuance costs, approximately $86,000&#13;were pursuant to the promissory note agreement as discussed in Note 6.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed in Note 6, during January&#13;2016, the Company settled an outstanding payable with one of its vendors by issuing a promissory note in the principal amount of&#13;$116,003 and 1,100 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Series A Preferred and warrants to purchase 162,963 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(B) Common Stock Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Common Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 19, 2014, the Company issued&#13;a convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#147;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#148; as discussed in Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck&#13;Debenture, the Company granted Manatuck 200,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock. In April 2015 the maturity&#13;date of the note was extended until May 2016. Upon execution of the extension, the Company granted Manatuck 30,000 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of $39,600.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016,&#13;the Company issued 8,540 shares of its common stock for a cashless conversion of 22,666 warrants.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016,&#13;the Company issued 421,600 shares of its common stock to employees for services rendered a value of $242,487.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As discussed in Note 9, upon amendment&#13;of the Manatuck Debenture on October 29, 2015, the Company repurchased the 230,000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $149,500&#13;which is presented as Treasury Stock on the consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(C) Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;541,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;434,177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;59,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.95&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(104,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;(in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;487,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;2.49 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;487,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;3.50 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At January 31, 2016 and 2015, the total&#13;intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $0 and $219,332, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of January 31, 2016, the Company&#13;has $0 in stock-based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted average remaining life of the&#13;options is 1.99 years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(D) Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922,067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922,067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;203,334&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(98,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,027,401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,027,401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3,959,999&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.68&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(22,666&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.25&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.80&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.80&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Remaining &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;(in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.68-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4.11 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.80&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.80&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 2 - Summary of Significant&#13;Accounting Policies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial&#13;statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based&#13;payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Making estimates requires management&#13;to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation&#13;or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management considered in formulating&#13;its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ&#13;significantly from our estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company operates in an industry&#13;that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant&#13;risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has experienced, and in&#13;the future expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability&#13;include, among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry, (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets&#13;in which the Company competes, including the general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to&#13;food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#146;s distribution of the product. These factors, among others, make it difficult&#13;to project the Company&amp;#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January&#13;31, 2016 or January 31, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company minimizes its credit risk&#13;associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may&#13;exceed federally insured limits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance&#13;for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are stated at the&#13;amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer&#13;receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable,&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding, and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded, which is the face amount of the receivable&#13;net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had reserves of $2,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31, 2016 and January&#13;31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;252,752&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;301,170&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;Asset lives for&#13;financial statement reporting of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; line-height: 115%&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 38%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;2-7 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;3-5 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;3-10 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For purpose of this disclosure, the&#13;fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between&#13;willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&amp;#146;s short term financial instruments&#13;approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Stock issuance costs are capitalized&#13;as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering, the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds.&#13;In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds, the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering, all&#13;costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015 were $678,099 and $346,192,&#13;respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Research and development is expensed&#13;as incurred. Research and development expenses for the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015 were $107,632 and $100,864, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company classifies freight billed&#13;to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees, sales&#13;discounts, and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;13,138,214&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12,725,100&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;534,767&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;714,832&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12,603,447&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12,010,268&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cost of sales represents costs directly&#13;related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&amp;#146;s products. Costs include product development, freight, packaging,&#13;and print production costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Costs incurred for producing and communicating&#13;advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the year&#13;ended January 31, 2016 and 2015 were $2,096,026 and $2,774,356, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share-based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued&#13;to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, share-based compensation amounted to $487,316 and $438,343, respectively. Of the $487,316, and $438,343 recorded for&#13;the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015, $241,769 and $171,981 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as&#13;a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, when computing fair value of share-based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; line-height: 115%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.42% to 1.74&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.26% to 1.67&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;178% to 184&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;189% to 191&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Dividends&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected option term is computed&#13;using the &amp;#147;simplified&amp;#148; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-599. The Company uses the simplified&#13;method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise&#13;data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected stock price volatility&#13;for the Company&amp;#146;s stock options was determined by the historical volatilities for industry peers and used an average of those&#13;volatilities. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed&#13;by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted&#13;earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss), adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents&#13;and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3,466,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;66,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;8,994,472&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;66,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,027,401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,683,472&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since the Company reflected a net loss&#13;during the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015, the effect of considering any common stock equivalents, would have been anti-dilutive.&#13;A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance&#13;with ASC No. 740, &amp;#147;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#148;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences&#13;between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change&#13;during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a&#13;valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax&#13;assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates&#13;on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is no longer subject to&#13;tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Certain prior period amounts have been&#13;reclassified to conform to current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&#13;The revenue recognition standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue&#13;recognition standard eliminates the transaction and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces&#13;it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. In July 2015, the effective date was delayed one year by&#13;a vote by the FASB. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans would apply the&#13;guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within&#13;that reporting period. Earlier application would be permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,&#13;2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not,&#13;at the current time, quantified the effects of this pronouncement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2015, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying&#13;the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt&#13;liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with&#13;debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU.&#13;The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously&#13;issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented&#13;should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition, an entity is required&#13;to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature of and&#13;reason for the change in accounting principle, the transition method, a description of the prior-period information that has been&#13;retrospectively adjusted, and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e., debt issuance cost asset and&#13;the debt liability). The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-03 on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued the FASB&#13;Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#148;&#13;(&amp;#147;ASU 2015-11&amp;#148;). &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in this Update do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out&#13;(LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using&#13;first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of&#13;cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably&#13;predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using&#13;LIFO or the retail inventory method.&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;the effects of ASU 2015-11 on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2015, the FASB issued the&#13;FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;i&gt;Deferral of the&#13;Effective Date&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2015-14&amp;#148;). &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09&#13;for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should&#13;apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting&#13;periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of&#13;ASU 2015-14 on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.8pt&gt;In April 2015, the&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-03,&lt;i&gt; Interest-Imputation of Interest. &lt;/i&gt;To simplify&#13;presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update would require that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance&#13;sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. The recognition&#13;and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs would not be affected by the amendments in this update. This Accounting Standards&#13;Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2014-250-Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30),&#13;which has been deleted. The amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 is not expected to have a material&#13;impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2016-02, &amp;#147;Leases&amp;#148; (topic&#13;842). The FASB issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and&#13;lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The updated guidance is effective&#13;for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the&#13;update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2016, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2016-06, &amp;#147;Derivatives and&#13;Hedging&amp;#148; (topic 815). The FASB issued this update to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put)&#13;options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. An&#13;entity performing the assessment under the amendments in this update is required to assess the embedded call (put) options solely&#13;in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently&#13;evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2016, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2016-09, &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150;&#13;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments&#13;and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share-based&#13;payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity&#13;or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company&#13;is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The facility consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 81%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,150,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;350,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;600,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;(in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;487,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;2.49 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;487,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;3.50 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;922,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;922,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;203,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(98,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,027,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,027,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,959,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(22,666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;(in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.68-$2.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.11 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,964,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Total future minimum payments required&#13;under operating lease as of January 31, 2016 are as follows.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 37.8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 14 &amp;#150; Subsequent&#13;Events&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial&#13;statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based&#13;payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January&#13;31, 2016 or January 31, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance&#13;for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31, 2016 and January&#13;31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;Asset lives for&#13;financial statement reporting of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees, sales&#13;discounts, and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;13,138,214&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12,725,100&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;534,767&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;714,832&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12,603,447&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12,010,268&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share-based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued&#13;to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, share-based compensation amounted to $487,316 and $438,343, respectively. Of the $487,316, and $438,343 recorded for&#13;the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015, $241,769 and $171,981 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as&#13;a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, when computing fair value of share-based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; line-height: 115%&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.42% to 1.74&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.26% to 1.67&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;Expected life of grants&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;5 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Expected volatility of underlying stock&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;178% to 184&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;189% to 191&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Dividends&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected option term is computed&#13;using the &amp;#147;simplified&amp;#148; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-599. The Company uses the simplified&#13;method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise&#13;data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed&#13;by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted&#13;earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss), adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents&#13;and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3,466,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;66,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;8,994,472&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;66,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,027,401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,683,472&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance&#13;with ASC No. 740, &amp;#147;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#148;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences&#13;between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change&#13;during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a&#13;valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax&#13;assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates&#13;on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2014, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&#13;The revenue recognition standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue&#13;recognition standard eliminates the transaction and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces&#13;it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. In July 2015, the effective date was delayed one year by&#13;a vote by the FASB. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans would apply the&#13;guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within&#13;that reporting period. Earlier application would be permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,&#13;2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not,&#13;at the current time, quantified the effects of this pronouncement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2015, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying&#13;the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt&#13;liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with&#13;debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU.&#13;The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously&#13;issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the balance sheet of each individual period presented&#13;should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition, an entity is required&#13;to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature of and&#13;reason for the change in accounting principle, the transition method, a description of the prior-period information that has been&#13;retrospectively adjusted, and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e., debt issuance cost asset and&#13;the debt liability). The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-03 on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued the FASB&#13;Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-11 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#148;&#13;(&amp;#147;ASU 2015-11&amp;#148;). &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in this Update do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out&#13;(LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using&#13;first-in, first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of&#13;cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably&#13;predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using&#13;LIFO or the retail inventory method.&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal&#13;years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating&#13;the effects of ASU 2015-11 on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2015, the FASB issued the&#13;FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;i&gt;Deferral of the&#13;Effective Date&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2015-14&amp;#148;). &lt;/i&gt;The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09&#13;for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should&#13;apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting&#13;periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of&#13;ASU 2015-14 on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.8pt&gt;In April 2015, the&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-03,&lt;i&gt; Interest-Imputation of Interest. &lt;/i&gt;To simplify&#13;presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this Update would require that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance&#13;sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. The recognition&#13;and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs would not be affected by the amendments in this update. This Accounting Standards&#13;Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2014-250-Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30),&#13;which has been deleted. The amendments in this update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 is not expected to have a material&#13;impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2016, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2016-02, &amp;#147;Leases&amp;#148; (topic&#13;842). The FASB issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and&#13;lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The updated guidance is effective&#13;for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the&#13;update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2016, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2016-06, &amp;#147;Derivatives and&#13;Hedging&amp;#148; (topic 815). The FASB issued this update to clarify the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put)&#13;options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. An&#13;entity performing the assessment under the amendments in this update is required to assess the embedded call (put) options solely&#13;in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently&#13;evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2016, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2016-09, &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150;&#13;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (topic 718). The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments&#13;and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share-based&#13;payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity&#13;or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company&#13;is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31, 2016 and January&#13;31, 2015:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;Asset lives for&#13;financial statement reporting of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees, sales&#13;discounts, and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, when computing fair value of share-based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at January 31, 2016:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3,466,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;66,667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $0.675-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,964,734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496,404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;8,994,472&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 3 - Property and Equipment:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment on January 31,&#13;2016 and 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; line-height: 115%&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,112,522&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,060,066&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;17,942&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;16,887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;429,282&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;274,567&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,559,746&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,351,520&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;512,291&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;226,775&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,047,455&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,124,745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment on January 31,&#13;2016 and 2015 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 4 - Investment in Meatball&#13;Obsession, LLC&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2011 the Company acquired a 34.62%&#13;interest in Meatball Obsession, LLC (&amp;#147;MO&amp;#148;) for a total investment of $27,032. This investment is accounted for using&#13;the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&amp;#146;s equity in the&#13;undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2011 the investment&#13;was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 5 - Related Party Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Joseph Epstein Foods&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &amp;#147;Manufacturer&amp;#148;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer&#13;is co-owned by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with the Manufacturer to determine if&#13;the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity as defined by FASB ASC 810 &amp;#147;Consolidation&amp;#148;. Based on this analysis,&#13;the Company has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity but the Company is not the primary beneficiary of&#13;the variable interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. In addition, based on the analysis the Company determined&#13;that the CEO and President of the Company is the primary beneficiary of the variable interest entity and bears the risk of loss.&#13;Under the terms of the agreement, the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license to use the Company&amp;#146;s recipes,&#13;formulas, methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&amp;#146;s products, for manufacturing the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;product and all future improvements, modifications, substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in&#13;turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to&#13;manufacture, package, and store the Company&amp;#146;s products and the Company has the right to purchase products from one or more&#13;other manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one&#13;year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel the contract with written notice&#13;nine months prior to the termination date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement if&#13;the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense&#13;for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in&#13;ordinary packaging or shipping, the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping&#13;materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the&#13;product, other than due to defects in the original packaging, the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred&#13;in repackaging. Per the agreement, all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company. The Company agreed with&#13;the Manufacturer at the end of the last fiscal year that Company would purchase a minimum of $933,000 of product each month and&#13;that any amount below that sum would be a charge of 12% of that shortfall each month. In return, the Manufacturer obligated itself&#13;to offer the Company competitive prices and would not co-pack for other suppliers and would either maintain or lower its payable&#13;to the Company each quarter. In addition, the Manufacturer agreed to rebate the Company any overage of gross margin above 12% each&#13;month.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time the Company will make&#13;improvements to the Manufacturer&amp;#146;s facility. The improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated useful life.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, the Company purchased inventory of $8,381,441 and $8,907,380, respectively, from the Manufacturer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, the Manufacturer incurred expenses of $24,000 and $48,000, respectively, on behalf of the Company for shared administrative&#13;expenses and salary expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At January 31, 2016 and January 31,&#13;2015, the amount due from the Manufacturer is $2,248,781 and $2,213,037, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Meatball Obsession, LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A current director of the Company is&#13;the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&amp;#147;MO&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, the Company generated approximately $67,120 and $113,600 in revenues from MO, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of January 31, 2016 and 2015, the&#13;Company had a receivable of $6,512 and $6,768 due from MO, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;WWS, Inc.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A current director of the Company is&#13;the president of WWS, Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, the Company recorded $48,000 and $48,000 in commission expense from WWS, Inc. generated sales, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes Payable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 7 - Line of Credit&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective January 3, 2014, the Company&#13;entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Sale and Security Agreement&amp;#148;) with Faunus Group International, Inc.&#13;(&amp;#147;FGI&amp;#148;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables and inventory (the &amp;#147;FGI&#13;Facility&amp;#148;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three year term (the &amp;#147;Original Term&amp;#148;) and shall be&#13;extended automatically for an additional one year for each succeeding term unless written notice of termination is given by either&#13;party at least sixty days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof. The Company and certain of its affiliates&#13;also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the Sale and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Guaranty&#13;Agreements&amp;#148;). The Company also granted FGI a security interest in and lien upon all of the Company&amp;#146;s right, title and&#13;interest in and to all of its assets (as defined in the Sale and Security Agreement).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to the FGI Facility, FGI can&#13;elect to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&amp;#147;Purchased Accounts&amp;#148;) up to 70% of the value of such receivables (retaining&#13;a 30% reserve). At FGI&amp;#146;s election, FGI may advance the Company up to 70% of the value of any Purchased Accounts, subject&#13;to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be refunded to the Company net of interest&#13;and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate on advances or borrowings under the FGI&#13;Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the prime rate. Any advances or borrowings under the FGI&#13;Facility are due on demand.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company also agreed to pay to FGI&#13;monthly collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts. The minimum monthly net funds&#13;employed during each contract year hereof shall be $500,000. Additionally, the Company paid FGI a one-time facility fee equal to&#13;1% of the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2015,&#13;the Company terminated its agreement with FGI and paid off all obligations due at the payoff date. Upon termination, additional&#13;fees and accrued interest of approximately $48,600 were paid and included in the interest expense.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 8 - Loan and Security Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 3, 2014, the Company entered&#13;into a Loan and Security Agreement (&amp;#147;Loan and Security Agreement&amp;#148;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital, LLC (&amp;#147;EGC&amp;#148;).&#13;The total facility is for an aggregate principal amount of up to $3,100,000. The facility consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 81%; line-height: 115%&gt;Accounts Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2,150,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;350,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;600,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;EGC may from time to time make loans&#13;in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net amount of Eligible Accounts (as&#13;defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Inventory&#13;Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) in an amount up to 50% of finished&#13;goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The revolving interest rates is equal&#13;to the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank, N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances&#13;made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of&#13;the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank, N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility&#13;is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year period. The Company is required to pay a one-time&#13;facility fee equal to 2.25% of the total $3,100,000 facility. In the event of default, the Company shall pay 10% above the stated&#13;rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns are secured by all of the assets of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of January 31, 2016 and 2015, the&#13;outstanding balance on the line of credit was $959,621 and $1,409,098, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 3, 2014, the Company also&#13;entered into a 5 year $600,000 Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#147;EGC Note&amp;#148;) with EGC. The EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly&#13;installments of $10,000. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly, in arrears. In the event&#13;of default, the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured&#13;by all of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $440,000 and $560,000 as of January 31, 2016&#13;and 2015, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 6 - Promissory Notes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 31, 2015, the Company entered&#13;into a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note is for a total principal balance of&#13;$358,832, bearing interest at a rate of 10% and maturing in October 2017. The Company is required to prepay the note 10% of the&#13;net proceeds received upon the closing of a capital raise, except for, those transactions conducted with the Company&amp;#146;s Chief&#13;Executive Officer. The Company paid $119,373 toward the outstanding balance, a portion of which is 10% of the net proceeds from&#13;the final closing of the private placement in November 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2016, the Company entered&#13;into a promissory note agreement with a third party to settle outstanding payables. The note is for a total principal balance of&#13;$116,003, bearing interest at a rate of 6% and maturing in October 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 10 - Concentrations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2016,&#13;the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 16%, 14%, 13% and 10% of gross sales. As of January&#13;31, 2016, these customers represented approximately 18%, 7%, 9% and 30% of total gross outstanding receivables, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended January 31, 2015,&#13;the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 18%, 13% and 11% of gross sales. As of January 31,&#13;2015, these customers represented approximately 23%, 12% and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company operates in an industry&#13;that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant&#13;risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 9 - Convertible Note&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 19, 2014, the Company entered&#13;into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#147;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;) with Manatuck Hill Partners, LLC (&amp;#147;Manatuck&amp;#148;)&#13;whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#147;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#148;) in favor of Manatuck. The&#13;Manatuck Debenture is for $2,000,000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck&#13;Debenture, the Company granted Manatuck 200,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock. In April 2015, the maturity&#13;date was extended to May 2016 and 30,000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&amp;#146;s&#13;review, the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued the 30,000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32&#13;and recorded $39,600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Upon issuance of the debenture and subsequent&#13;extension, a debt discount of $498,350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares&#13;granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the&#13;debt, using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included&#13;as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and&#13;$412,553 as of January 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 29, 2015, the note was further&#13;amended to extend the maturity date to December 19, 2016. Per the terms of the execution of the extension, the Company was required&#13;to purchase the above 230,000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65, a value of $149,500 and incurred an amendment&#13;fee of $170,500, both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt. In addition, the extension reduced accrued&#13;interest by $220,000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220,000. The outstanding principal at January 31,&#13;2016 was $2,540,000. Based on management&amp;#146;s review, the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the&#13;accounting for debt extinguishment, the Company wrote-off the existing debt of $2,000,000, wrote-off the unamortized debt discount&#13;of $190,483 and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating to this note of $19,106. The loss on debt extinguishment of&#13;$380,089 on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount of $190,483, the write-off&#13;of the debt issuance costs of $19,106, and the amendment fee of $170,500.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Optional conversion to convertible preferred&#13;stock is available upon completion of a qualified offering (as defined in the Manatuck Purchase Agreement) while the Manatuck Debenture&#13;is outstanding. Upon conversion of the Manatuck Debenture, the Company shall issue Manatuck shares of common stock as defined in&#13;the Manatuck Purchase Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Future maturities of long term debt&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;For the Twelve Month Period Ending January 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; line-height: 115%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,011,429&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;189,767&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;120,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;80,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4,401,196&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 13 - Income Tax Provision&#13;(Benefit)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The income tax provision (benefit) consists&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(1,196,589&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(1,376,168&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(209,051&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(369,301&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,405,640&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1,745,469&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has U.S. federal net operating&#13;loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $12.9M and $8.8M at January 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, available to offset taxable&#13;income through 2034. If not used, these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there&#13;be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis&#13;of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers.&#13;The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $12.9M and $8.8M at January 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively,&#13;available to offset future taxable income through 2034.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In assessing the realization of deferred&#13;tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not&#13;be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the&#13;periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled&#13;reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After&#13;consideration of all the information available, Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future&#13;realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended January 31,&#13;2016 and 2015, the change in the valuation allowance was $1,405,640and $1,745,469.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company evaluated the provisions&#13;of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#146;s financial statements.&#13;ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions that the&#13;Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not&#13;to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax&#13;return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &amp;#147;unrecognized benefits.&amp;#148;&#13;A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized&#13;tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&amp;#146;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position&#13;that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;If applicable, interest costs related&#13;to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &amp;#147;Other expenses &amp;#150; Interest&amp;#148;&#13;in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &amp;#147;General and administrative.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No interest or penalties on unpaid tax&#13;were recorded during the year ended January 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of January 31, 2016 and 2015, no liability for&#13;unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized&#13;tax benefits in the next year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax assets&#13;(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; line-height: 115%&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;5,244,577&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3,855,903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;5,244,577&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3,855,903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(5,160,554&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(3,754,914&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;84,023&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;100,989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(84,023&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(100,989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(84,023&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(100,989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected tax expense (benefit) based&#13;on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended January 31, 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended January 31, 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; line-height: 115%&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(34.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(34.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefit&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(5.9&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(5.9&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred tax true-up&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;40.0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;43.0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(3.0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Future maturities of long term debt&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The income tax provision (benefit) consists&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax assets&#13;(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected tax expense (benefit) based&#13;on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Basis&#13;of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nature of Operations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s Holdings, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;),&#13;(formerly known as Mascot Properties, Inc.) was organized on July 22, 2009 as a Nevada corporation. The Company has a year end&#13;of January 31.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is a manufacturer and distributor&#13;of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce, and other similar meats and sauces. The Company&amp;#146;s customers are&#13;located throughout the United States, with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements and related&#13;notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;US&#13;GAAP&amp;#148;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and&#13;transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525&gt;The accompanying financial&#13;statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company incurred a loss of $3,511,618&#13;and $4,060,476 during the years ended January 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Also, as of January 31, 2016, the Company had $587,422&#13;in cash, and current liabilities exceeded current assets by $60,985. These factors all raise substantial doubt about the ability&#13;of the Company to continue as a going concern. In their report for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016, the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;auditors have expressed an opinion that, as a result of the conditions noted, there is substantial doubt regarding the ability&#13;to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; color: #252525; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies-ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesSalesDiscountsAndAllowancesAreAccountedAsDirectReductionOfRevenuesDetails xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000040 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlc xlink:title=00000011 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies-ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesSalesDiscountsAndAllowancesAreAccountedAsDirectReductionOfRevenuesDetails xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000040 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlc xlink:title=00000011 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies-ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesSalesDiscountsAndAllowancesAreAccountedAsDirectReductionOfRevenuesDetails xlink:title=00000034 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://mamamancinis.com/role/InvestmentInMeatballObsessionLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000040 - Disclosure - Investment in Meatball Obsession
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOtherRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockSharesSubscribedParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AmortizationOfClosingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockSharesSubscribedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValuePreferredIssuedToSettleLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPreferredIssuedToSettleLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AmortizationOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseDueFromOtherRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPaidInFormOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfNotesToPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AccruedDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RepurchaseOfCommonStockAmendmentOfConvertibleNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AccruedInterestReclassifiedToPrincipalBalanceOfConvertibleNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PromissoryNoteIssuedForAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PreferredAndWarrantsIssuedForAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_LineOfCreditTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_LoanAndSecurityAgreementDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConvertibleNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 24px; font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesAndSalesDiscountsAccountedForDirectReductionInRevenuesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfWarrantsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfMinimumRoyaltyPaymentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPaidInFormOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SeriesAPreferredShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockWarrantsEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockOptionsEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostMethodInvestmentsOriginalCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReductionInInvestmentDueToLossesInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOtherRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_MeatballObsessionLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_WWSIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_CEOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=MMMB_JosephEpsteinFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfShortfallEachMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfOverageOfGrossMarginEachMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PurchasedInventoryFromManufacturer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsPrepaymentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_PromissoryNoteAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsPrepaymentRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_SaleAndSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SecuredDemandCreditFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PurchaseOfEligibleAccountsReceivablesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PurchaseOfEligibleAccountsReceivablesReservePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PurchaseOfEligibleAccountsReceivablesAdvancePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CollateralManagementFeesPercentageOfAverageMonthlyBalanceOfPurchasedAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_MinimumMonthlyNetFundsEmployedDuringEachContractYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OnetimeFacilityFeePercentageOfCreditFacilityUponEntryIntoSaleAndSecurityAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_LoanAndSecurityAgreementTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfAccountsRevolvingLineOfCreditMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFinishedGoodsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRawMaterialAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_SecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_SecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NotePayableDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=MMMB_AccountsRevolvingLineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=MMMB_InventoryRevolvingLineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=MMMB_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AmendmentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseForPeriodNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RemainingDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_ManatuckHillPartnersLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_ManatuckPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AdditionalProceedsFromConvertibleNote'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfAccreditedInvestors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfConversationOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SaleOfStockIssuedForEmployeesServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SaleOfStockIssuedForEmployeesServicesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockOptionPlanExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_ShareholdersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_PlacementAgentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsGrantedToPurchaseOfSharesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_ManatuckPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfPreferredStockDividendsRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfStockDividingParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockExercisablePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCashlessExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfStockDividingParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=MMMB_RangeOfExercisePriceOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=MMMB_RangeOfExercisePriceTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockWarrantPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockWarrantPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WeightedAverageExercisePriceWarrantsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_IntialClosingWarrantsIssuedToInvestors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WarrantsGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeeEqualToAggregateGrossProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeesEqualToAggregateGrossProceedsForExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfCommonStockIssuable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OnetimeEngagementFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CashFeeAndNonaccountableAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_YearFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_MoreRaisedFinancingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthllyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearFirstAndSecondMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearThirdAndFourthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearFifthSixthAndSeventhMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearEighthAndNinthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearTenthAndThereafterMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis=us-gaap_InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfOwnershipChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'




PA4BF





MQ88=0OR .^
\E

MTQ1'E):T-M
(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2ENW)4] '_K


YOM1$A-GE4VV36] V&/+Q):$9DJ;

M


:;_67[8[X_;]#)LOYU37_Y1

M!3@EJEH








V)4P !S
MI1
+N=,;<S
/DD6K[
MGUKA.2T;T3MIK;%?'D&HS
B-M#B.Y%96J5\]9:L5@,EC1(\P^'*R#455#(@
MHYT6[A-/VH_T8\S(XC]7I2%J0AYP$ _ .(@?V0:8WJ&U#:B9!3'WU)8:EN7[
MWAK?\VMJN%!S*C



M3(D







M8@.:ATFL


VT6%
M#5RYVZ21:;GI
X$D!.&50V7-5;B$^2%.L+#[_ *!UX-Z8;IL6^A:ZV6HT_T:
MH\/+B2M;6]\=4[^BLU=5?P-02P





B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
(<7<K_WUE[O)I#-Z



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(R-^-


M(Z=T)LWH






M[J&&F

9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O#;#Q([A[8N_ 5!+
M P04     #

M!2^^'-][[C&^F$M0JBW%CRN
%=@PRLL0KI0J/CA.F:PP0^54%)CKF4Q(AI2^




MC1\C7


M4*Q_;?:R:+(49ZBBZBM9U5/AKS/QOYGM]Z+5N*$';V%YR2BM4ML]/]/T4_

MK7#MYK15.B[P





4HX?DFX

M$EUEE6&?I0A+H36[6GKIZ59'5
_GA-!?8MQ1B:]%'-&-$\;' * B(06%GB2


2]
91O)

#W4&)

F'[\Q;A5Y78I7 .0Z]$V\N$[?V.X1FHUXF5:'N9
M:CZ&HO@

MSF#9T?8RU4L//7'*8T2A[67]D$41]LYVLY3V3Z(PFSG:#M/9?L@K.=H^T\

QVCK;SY/OBP-.98[9SM)TGWQB''O3O$-5[94S:/C0JS':.MO.$[8
]

@I5(/U);K)$  #E0  &    'AL







M0.+05Y; @$@-HAWV(
%AE*Q@F12421V9W))Q$2B$%3)0(7/YR)( (!B66($2
M*Y=OG98M %DX+CDHD;O\Q)( (DLH9,.9+O0C9#9Q@,PQN.%LR-W CVGD.8
M)170X1N$G0C822( 9B&-(-C$*'(C8%L%P$0+*K#7D6ME'%O9:
1D
S?F68;C

9A
D7
M5. 


1\9$G^?PK6=?%[T\$]U_;/_\N?^<2EZAE&7=</4<2WU[ -9=F/




M*LAN9




?0

MF6G03AO

O9)R9
)@0J*1!@(
G



@I5(


M(!2&_THF]]U OHB..E/M=-J+SNSL17N-BIK9)-B NOWW!1+= $=C+A(@[SD\
M?
P+LPMOW\6!
1E\U%4CYN%!RN


-KPUNY/TC=

M*HLE 5D2CX4@AZ63Y

M?=F(8


O


M

D-T(X3

MP*D(.X[


M-A:SB:JVLRB


M$IBM4HH9B-

M=%1
QQ#[@RLN&*J1P342X7\L6]I)M- 5EH;*RU@#5T+!: ABTEEF)1DFDFS
MQ(H67,*:V/%!2RE:ZUM? [VA*^EQG%:;3E66QNK[83YV@YE



/(IYOMYIJ?W5]Y

CYT_OHQ83W&
MO.W_4$L#!!0    ( 


X$(7_BLOO&2



M#%$/#[^:NV:['2

M#\UC_;KMO[=O53

M!^AY@#X-


C)G29 C&1


(RU181@-E-$#&E

2@F#X0]7DL!*$E )


UB_%.J7 OU(
MN6O.
/U27HL=3#WU/]G%4$ZYHTU&)BL !9-3M080JUC 9 (FGQEG*1__J-
*
M^ RC1LN?K0+95'#^.Z/..%4%1(RIB!SB(OJ93
#D
_/YL*Y
:%6JJ8S^8*6



AX$-PIAMG[@=9*1;%;:$


M9-4Y0;%+5
 F:K:G%_A$Q5V7'L^OH7
ANQS-+1J;

M\TP045
DB%0*F

C2VO!I9



#6EJ: R05
(6!* 5-=9ESYL'_5R+^RE4[@7S6W?TD4
M!K1@#^66C!VB1@Z1-J  Q$L6M!(%3#XSCG77AF^D&P4L!4@H2ND-BU:N!:


M=QJ8.\U\ &@


*6 J0SP
M?Z0H5TCL_PSP?X;NTP'$A13X/\

MA8 I9\:99R92RE)#7AGN$QGI*HFMH@%6T= 6 XXE+S-JV[40]ZD?A[Q
&1

MS6



M4 /.I8H(TB;5:O=AI:H/N\\.#
&J+]1V0OOW]850FD9='O#


JYP

M/_+-G@9$!/SE
[\SZZKG**2W).0B-F%W%#-
\1FQ_XJ@'Q#B#4PNBILN
MBLBGGUPL;@O0FP(TBQF NO[JRX29!4A*D)6_EE?=?(_5/)9N/MV1'^
'/D




CO7#



M@
8&]*L!#ST].1OZ]5O55:OEL7F;'4^#\5SU8VZO*67NKK\X)&KX7^I9FZZ^

 !




@UQG0.\PRAU@FIY#3++MRIG!.3FHD)!L*RE5G
MF&C. 5-R:1Y%GS#E0)WTD2G




M_@#4C)G(@(E1
I'!?CR4\E7G!L3*Y@?#D $


1L0+&L'\]0#GD;)4Z]K5VM1
M=C[!U



MZ)KG]S/*\T'IZG]02P



MA?U[ H7#D6[HU?$BF]9'!RMR-N


U0;U9^'@ =5O
M6?DVB


M3FA?70_@R9M6QIUH[_UP9




W\:L$2RPKRGX7HHS_P?.]^'YKL(\
MP?
_%.;[!



K90NSU?VIUBM5W_F%AY1_AUZ[S8A)(:
M&CY(]X[C

^3C=Y.L.V =D
R!; ?1*%


M!^[:38KKZ5LJJ@]5(IR:,^L/;91@'$ K]._+VOX[16+\ 
\]Z\&89\0/OJ

=19$E4!:
9YE7Y@6TM B


MN_77:K!+M$L/MOB2LQ]]E?2=BBIQILDT;'D1)[DP9UX9VG\X&G-_D(+_).


O



B4[3(H^^)U/D.#C9:7@RQ Y*?/K!+' TWI

%5G0)M.]3$0'V@=^G^N L1
Y0_N\JU7FQ206U

M60P)M0O'+_YLII&:#(?]Y8
LO[3X %!+ P04     #,@I5(IHF*,* !  Q



:)]=1V


MV#^G:H/ZBW#PA.J'K'T7Q&:4U-(0?D7'+_ 7,(A$E:H7%I)-3B/^@:A1(NW
M:9
/+_EK@5<_]7$K;JJ0;;IM%QI

MMI7&D0OZ\+*I_PVBAR ENSM0TH7_LQ@*&A^/#^%LIY&:#(_][8
LO[3\#5!+



M!]

MF]9'!RMR-N

\[V)$O@A87+
XG:+XBOT?A6G6@6)8

QUV:M _C#3]
L'4 GP!\!MQG2?B8*
E\

'
$
M^YRKZ4X\W_@?!V^756X3?#M'PKWZP2[58)=(MC]M\2UF/N_DK!%3S78)HV.




M
NY(6^^[ V.N;$$+=X

M:1PYHP\OF_I?(WH(4K*;/25M^#^SH:#V\?@UG.TX4J/AL;M^D/F7%G\!4$L#
M!!0    ( 

HO8SXELT?E1'FD4)H*#T


88O8FX1++#/




M4FAX


@#7YYG]/E;K



MD2#_;XE;



XW49#CLYP^R_-+R'U!+ P04





4S;!O 9P!? (]9$CXE2C*__*PN)(


  !D   !X


4$;@^W]B_I&J#^HMP
M\(CJIZQ]%\1FE-30B$'Y9QR_PES(1)6J%Q:234XC_H&H42+UVF7)NWC='/@
M

MW1?L&HGFF/


M 








$%     @ S(*52.K*IF*@ 0  L0
;4M@-O6G7V2%OG^@-C
:TJOC13:MPY6Y&S!55)#9R5VQ$!]I/?IX92%B!CP2\)H5V<2


$%     @ S(*5



M/)


^ ]



MLW.O7\7E&[_NH;*$6]$K]YMLSTJ+X5:2)@/[G*[=Z*Z7Z4VUN);A GHMH'-!

M9C-AZ!V&S(C
L
8H(0$I2
H_]MB[6T18598


!!^%88'B+!L
/5@
M9N)T
NVA






3E_JK^

8L3_4*G.'V+9KCU].W2/=WB CM4


M+W-H965T



MJ^-9M)T+#EH6=
'50H&V C4QT!R3^^QPRD-$#'@1
-K5F03M9\2W8/RNCTD:

P/7YROXS5NO5G[F%!Y2OHG:=%YLFI(:&
S ?.JX(QUQSLOU'KOI61[5M!+()IC3E

6\5D

M3Q68-HZ.)14..@[JRKM




MY

M;DZ778Q( 3\E#&YQ)E'[%?$U&M^K
\VB!%!0^L@@PG:#)U J$H7$OR?.]Y01


M971S+W-H965T

@$/T5Y \H#G':-'(L-5VM=@\K53VT9V*/



MH/U-C49QYTW34-L9X%4$*4E9FMY2Q85.BCSZGDR18^^DT/!DB.V5XN;C!!*'
M8[))KHYGT;0N.&B1TQE707:M3$0'U



8GC

B5')&:CK:G


MNC$)8;*P218TR0(CQN3$.9I8X)75U :GRG:53*H?-]O8HNS?Q
_!6^PXN\

M:L5?4$L#!!0    ( 

JZ:;KC.I--I]



RK%]9\32)R.


M


M:))]1&!WDR2&R6^2T





A2J)+X)4UK7$!
M7.1XX55

8VL\^
X[:2;F18FD)E %L(N]HE/1C[-1VIH



&
M?E/5L$ZCDS3VCOJ;5$MIP*82W]B6_L2+ L.M7'36SM74W-,R/[2ZLO[TWQ



M1F%P9A=ZX^9==M_94$+B!$O)M7\&Y4T;*1Z4
!#TLW_7C7]W_4D:#;1U AH(


M31:)2)2ER2P-F%QQP=35SPH=E/+6&'=3)M%Q'+TB]XO

MELE_%6_$917#^+KQ6N\/VFXD99&

L[*0XA+)_C*.S-XY7&)S

MX0@XF 1V]G@*F.&P@S3H('4.TKM3(-XIS#5IYN7Q4'*'L0AB+ (8U
/H-=1I


D
M2/TS&D1W7TX**?'?Z8#..



R+GAM;'U3RV[;



QKA0+MA-'(0K?#WXOMGD5$ OP1
M
+I%C*+W@S$O
?G5[C-%D!XZ



ME?99RY4SS6CK+G*#1A'C*F7&#*CXC]9P1[AY!@8'91WG11)CY;\(M[=EN

'X



M4W W7. 9A/!

5
L:96AGE5(6G)?X
MR55EX^ZC:2&@LGZZ=G,]=NAQ855_NWF6R__#U!+ P04     #,@I5(=,4Q
MN 4  !M!0  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



C#])L;O=HALX*U
M8,H]HWI06O ;)8XX^?1KV[EU]&\V8**%6@BH)D \_\2\$3 =T+J*O7.7%TO
M1).JE&*






RE4@Z^M)-P(  -X'   9

U+GAM;(U5VXZ;

M'RJM]J%]=L ):&U
;2=L_[ZV(21QAFU?P![..7



E

U.9
M%+GN TBRY6:

06&4NSP$QT_
M)M@_(Q(
9TC (A+'3Q_X
Z\(#/W?$8!6PD!8VD@
#2
P)A5IX1 )/$L)$9
9:\<W
MF3QKR8G^(/)4-RHX&V:NFN]1R$T-1[C%_-+5F;8CAM&C]HN%V8M^_'3;[1H




3]3:N.R_XC^W52KZ]8
MD)S1/TTI:P7KN4Y)*GRC\I4-/\A40J@#%HP*\^\4-R%9^[X3HL_QK;I3#N

M9=9494+-WC.(8 KN.MD.8^:8*$)UHI\KX?$J  9HK 2A$8/USX_03: T!K


6)+3B;

MH$-M[Q:YGGMC14[/@K0]?F







V]R_ Y3KD3K33_HNJLS:27RD1XO0CK+WPZQAN

!'(C^-+A$)G/ZRLUMR4')$*O1BH:WFR([9RE3/Z
M0OD[FYFVUDM)LB\%OCBA7





ME=^2FR 4QE_%\0$610&3


]NQ91NK:=53^W3
NQEV



.0YO\U9+
A
M\PQ@(G-U?:6:5J448R2GLQBH/?)TFYF=.]I)MU%NS52FS.RMRE!:@IL--&OV



1#:YCQ-0X:(@81@4A$$!F-R#0:LT

= +



:&%.A'2
\P7^XQ^\^8]!YQ%3Y@!K<G::!IVFGD]N^2N\
M<!K)&&1+B2!0HL&MF-F+7'=&.K:_RW7DA0A@1DLH4,^22#PQ)Y4(/2)#%

   9

!3]%88/6$@($';4
MF:[::1\ZL[


M


M(NF5_PY![VL:XOC^&OU[EZZ6_\XD7XKJ3[E5!ZTV#H


BL1;+'



^*[9P@4.)9!S8G!+F3LPX HL2S#NP\+ #ZK$#!/L! @R!


M='

BYX;6R-5EUSHC 4_2L
/Z D? 4ZR
RJM;L/.]/IP_8Y:E2F
M0%P2M?OO-X&H$*Y5'R0)YYQ[N$ENDIUX\REVC$GGJRIK
7%W4NZ?/4^L=JRB

LBYJ]-8XX
M5!5M_DU9R4\3%[OG@?=BNY-ZP

MLK^D@LUX^5&LY4ZY1:ZS9AMZ*.4[/_UDYALB+;CBI6C_G=5!2%Z=*:Y3T:_N
M6=3M\]2]B1)#@PF^(?@7 HZ_)02&$#Q* TAO!+;PF1(42/1H@-(7Z40 R!
M6):\+KOMW

M
-

P 3)T/
'





RE4@$
MJF!:: (  !()   9    >&PO=V]R:W-H965T





MA;EWTT(C9CM@_ =
](C9+3'^(V*_1 1?$$^9G)SZH%/?\

'%['E8L D!M
.

M3@(+1*! ! BD5B%$R[Q%2/_!@6(P4 P$RJQ   :O!$G ( D@8.5]V%6*C(%
M@Z2 0& %@3 K.\G (!D@8!]0!/!0703A-H  B1BNP] H)4BPROM!@
2=IF-






M)31-\Z0691
O9G[LL5W
U-%492

I(ZOZP4 :%
M

BQ10
MI  $/!!!F R+N&A#YDX!1;CT 

M=C3!#B? XFP:3HL-+



MN

M.S.D2#6STL]F!+#H57!I]MEH[;3#V'0C&KNU 32S0Q*VI=JD_83!IH'YH$

M$R -4Q)I&/;9E\WN4'M$ /QD


]
SMDYJ_P;*$TA-V

N6*PXU]%2%*$!(+B

MC]$JJ5

M*/
[M_C1_1W6A
-@?5B[6

$%     @ S(*52
'X
RSG<

MZJ8A6


W723Z\B'O998U/6GFWZ;3+\XFL']_Z?VQ':Z6_Y94\EYEO])M?=!J


 )LJB9L /I4A-@'Q5 9A H3%

V#CZ8C

MG=AK=@F87=+&TX&*T%+187!'4K0@-&


-RJT2.$L?
+

8A






T% 
;!0&
@F-;



M*



UX3J:;\XHF64W(R077E8=^/O)J4C9NE9NV59RF[


)1B


IF_H!8 %2Q)8_%S B0NK)0@&;=(;Q$*@*IV\0+*\0@CV
M-0*,'5N,C6!GHR76AD!Q/*UG#@HBV^;[D:0O1



M!L.T 6?&)%4:_1?UKA:J\1LF%3U+/5RK

OL+4$L#!!0
M   ( 

MIB\@5Z6

GS/=K_R19H6O3_KU2:_ZB^*8GLY&.3/BW2=Y!?9
1?\JR7]67^_E5/Z@XI*OTN:A<).7'[_0F7:TJ3V7D



M3.AC;CE




XGY-0-113-A3*W40Q*J^$.(+ *T;A%5+X

MQI_'JE@*PJJ$BJ!H
0=&W@'+
M=@OR=ALH)TT@2
T^(]N SQU 91L


M






@I5(S$V1
L
  !OP  &0






J9,)M?M9Q!')@T^=J-<L.PT9:?@
M%3VH02!2BR)$VX56+F*D, 50O 0H8D/QQ50 B>(P 2121!-NA!:7>@TB=$T
M1A-E280BZRRN+([P6#;!B4&

+ %

MP/Z+ 0..;0/N1?=P[J@ZG& TQ]2LW9GY3GAK?FRDGAA&N\

^4ST'&3M+_5L


Q.?3-*.BU=9







M0
 ]<U $T[7R


5 S



M_PK#O482WQG
C'&GTQXZD\FA/2NV;#



MJLN9K5G3:$\J\NOH]#VF-IR/K]Y_F'05_C
5;
V;O_56'A0M\KTMV]%3(Y_X


IGCA]M7

MLW8T:JI!0V8:/DY7T*0: 0%7'



%7C?FCRAHGDQVO/.C7.
MY7]02P

M+W-H965T-3



MJU*7.F@J:_94*82*7HLH#7+OJA.-F.V 03/
 ^&I[)
$@B2V:$%'GP5V2T1H
M0?9 DBR$783@04.3 '\ZJ6R'39P70&XZ_B%%;!H H&5$)+!2]4TJ12)0
M) )$L4R8.*9


S_4GX
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#4T+GAM;(V8W7*;

=V;F)#3ZK/5KQK1261U/_;O9:M\'?LJB:N\6^;0^W8=AL]KK


Y]J-PZ:[/5LC;'H!Z7^Y#U3Q6_C;JUV?0WAZ48?NMJUW1W

XS87@7&B(ES
7
J;&8G@G8BUPZW%NL^<E8AD9&,+3?75#,SII1
MH#;6I.^5LP91JA*[-
HQ
U?-S
303 S



.XO+&3NS
\^$FQ1WNY1B


M9






XDP\YRQ)
9
(LSL)P&(I*\C2
]_Q8 Q




M]^]59Z4%OZ;X'B?OP[-IW;


B=7V: [*/?.5*9
]%*F45@$%TLT8K8#!L\P:$($



GL[C23T/Q@F1R4


').=;IKV
M8I.F%]UK1H^C*8@%9NR^?0$=USBD-P*'[WR_ PC%R
6'; &4]\5H+P]^J]2P


N.]YZ YN#_O?'SBLX+V#




MVVZC
!#]%
!09B$+\KW(K1VM'F]XQ]Z,W/P\;UM0=,<&U


MV788

($ \)3ZD


MR1+9!?0



$%     @ S(*52$.CO2X]
!?-A()(2ZJJ/51:[:$].\0):&W,VD[8_OO:AA 3B[!'MYWYAD3AKQG


DU9:?/-%QC [&1(D7^#[T

M5.'/


MRCZ5&PERF!E#^X+[-:*
+!7*U-A,8?SBN !PDB:X+()(CN3B%9G,):$Z6+
M/IY*[C!B*T9LP5C4* =-8C2MT7P#((-QFBU@;,(P@0 ^0()6)&A!6E0JUYK5
MR3R5W&$D5HQDC1'[XQDW7#@9WX

M
%J [RRZ)(HCF-F!


(P(

















MV C$BU
(K%. 
'8ASS$+(PEH) $$(LL(A(DM(\\QR,I:0%!!++R!H3;RT?





MHU$J\YY[7I76#

%LS4(CZIA



KB^
\G]&61A1
$M4L=:8SP$17JUPJ@+$S\'$EH?MS=A;\<A& -O
M^M-(S_]5]0-02P

8VHP-9
6
M(W;LR]KKOK[U;V6YC;\L%ZORWW]WM]VNGW_W73F[RY9IV2K6V0I^N2DVRW0+


R\6
7G\:?K%_'IR=F_?;?]




MM^-?%LMUNJH]**.]WTT7^0SVO$BW35
NEDNX4-?;8O93$E_?I9NLC*]VVW(+



M[-]_!_*KS#:?L]_](:ZS#'C53/? :0)?H:=SO%1_*;S'FPBKF&.&SP'4L=M
MV'^8[N/C6NV \M;AS:A]D)



M+/\ C2;VM X^6:/%8]]@@CSVZ:)9Q?#O3N/
/G+!W68Z:

MIYO9G0@:X 

G?V0H^I]4'YXMBA*G3WI;<.[P'(V8?<%U
M[O+R+K2#LAU[%_(.2 
^5_\
L?2UX0KS_'


 QHX5O






M3NY'T:

MM$&WL?
R36[;Y+O]H.3%#CJJ?5^=V_MV[.*@[.12F$_4:;-X^\Q?.*RAY*






M

@].3S/$4KL15?+!9 $\O
M<,7$N&;RLK H6GR$3




MU H&*G#?8D4$D/ \X

M( /26R)29%UKN!JE7L$(MY?
9^O/O=FQNUKL@NG6I'EL85?=RT14390\S=@D




AH)LQKJ7X9O#16FAXGUSVA1
*]!3LY
MN]LS 2!;.(@$/XQ6(C*;

M[BGE0!
E^0]]SL%D96)S!+SDJ#



M)/O





VI'7L7&2ZW8B





W^1?\[S+N



R2


H/55H#KJEY/U(*8
M[E;H27'@UT-



M3L;#?M6K?GV7K]=T7^A/\+_L^ ( ^ZDIY4KK:#4IMSB&RQ!:P#U34;=BK%


6P2CH//ET[/FZ+6]E1.H)




MU0@_Y]60H!;!4=12+@?OQN(A4@H0BI)C4]O AI]% ZFZ\\TI\ZU6'[U2LL-M



N/I#?8_NYF7H:CWQ?5E_+%8@^$W0F '




M:.?7LSL


L]FU*&X\4NTL3B41RKZ80#VO1WET/=?=@BV
M9$A 2OX-BVAV891H@5/PC:S4Q+CTZR68D0Z9H$<@8P^@7 @_)F%H1ER.\R08
M;W=P@DK$

D94&T!.
MUUB2WR+'PP';);*NL[*A(D%

OF*=UB?3;R'
M[6+PYAYK6B6@ O0[H/B):=@9=9+)N



9U2Q%LBIY]6^HI/;
MB5),65PY\S:#Y6(4:$ 83HC<&*LY)XZA/!/_.['K M;JOLSI!7&=JDOF
44
MP[7D]RB6G
EC*IGY
5U
NEYCQ!KW2^0NF-D2)8]/L?KJ#*LBF-U3YNW
1-'C

M.%S5!EYP*7ETU3CO9-,))E,K,J9K4J4Q] 33+5XJ$]RP%GVG!B[9+!)786

M&3QJFD
HK/

M)EZVC




A TV5$:6
RL/*
W 1


MG_8AS^M:8]/+ZX_G=%UQL^
1\5]B*F(ZVTIYUJ5&N]C=HI&HC1.Q
OQL%OVNJ
MB%BG=T/MG
C)ZNXY6LMXV




MV

M:E]-OS2WA/3=FUI#3#ZG$+-4^23B. 


8B2DRMBE[6Z3(QI&1QLQ?47%13 1_(


\G!JE24G;5&ZNQB$VV793
MJ*.6W4/DI]QD0<I!'0AE$@M=!$@<_*50S\V^IWD5P/63+.(JJE7@.+R V

!B]))V3WE







^07




K:U )%]I(AY$%V4,F3B6H[!/8\/DW/-,R';DQ4
MQH2^R]_'I].SN.*QM-EE6,*<$U/AS,'(<;GG^#8E7L_J([ (\S)N+([&M]ZJ
M*R2?MM;%3U5)%G0%IL@




).'XAFIWX2=Q).IUN
NAV







MIW





L]+(




MSC5V;ZM/S*N(C9U1YU-)@F#53!4Q,H5GIB#JR#,O&['/H_ ('A3_A&48.
MPJU6!DK9*F;4ULY-]]:X_MW;RY15G:IYA1%?+$Y8Q   +L8NEE18A%V2NHCK
M@E%NC76:1:$W8O8

46)MR
 #[JQ9ME(PPDQ9@-JQ8
MO /N1[0BP J&,C+I.GJ06N:MLX1ARP\7 ]$@F'DWWMPPD:F^I
V5TO$U?0J
M)8U;

['_






M^9+!&^C_K](Y8N!%'@A/0
=!(0C_36$UICWOC0JPBV!^B!



FF/X$]MW]&1V(0==\%/G-/;NL2P


MD96



!C6.\$:ZQ%T2M&GPEH_@
B5O$NJ9+*OB53_Z:5=<P0%O2# :.7
M8:_4K/T(?]060* E4=L04!&W+ :-LXB*=P6JR#'T31D*)6*@[0*&.]Y&$JGX

56])L9C=
MM)*2
'/@TSEJ).Z%_
MS=)5EVD(X!Q+&2PC52I'H!#+E%M?V_L.L7?1IJ&BPRCC*RXL
@?._+@.6-L
M
H&6!TVK!V\(9/$9641X[S$

UF!?38!4SPZ1#&DT37\7N@2


)9XRF4DB6IS#YKN-F)
M83




MJ*)T[3EVT%^.65%\](K



)$)$1XF6*6*)R6;6

2EZ]Z;4N2]!_T'T:R\?)ZZ:HLTB,!Q!6$5D7(V
M-6%[7TC%
$7;4%'T+57*/MAGKX8*[JLN-M3OC:(3!14=.+ZNO;K

M7N\ AHM)=XM*WA K8_C=CJ?%
HIYM-$FON:XUJ*U.AH3+F@.](Y)E%)9(/X(


M@P.V


@9O0'LUS_P1F3YF-:\H)T[#
MM_(S/!\1I(*?8:C%9:D'?PCSA*\P5D$VS5843:O.Z87^0J5Q*V#MGSDDJD\0
MW4?UYU5CYKY71-T'XD)]QV_/







[:

+
 IT;?@
M)G$2RG&[-'8WJ'-@@_QTY
IVB9$<5N8;390AU8H!(@)+C&


M9.TD+D%?DSB$R:':$N#
YVQ5;:SI%5\[(O


X]K[Y6
F7NPD8IIW(/.

:@3+0
M!W(

M7P]Z^H7E@\T)OI:&;+R!12 PWI/A
)E
ND;\B_



D

47;42WR+;-Q
MC
(

M R$K
Q.2&6KDO/*J0E@Y/E2_&]O)N)\
^B.GYR
E_86;].$'!-!NI9WE#!CO






Y9GKG1\QJ^+A9





M83YFG&_E/A


M1*S=T4&N4WM!)]E+




$!RNR*+^@5C:[*O \9[(QBC

OWJ/JDU2#'U6VX;[8B


KVC6 S.;4]'')ML:$-E8062_$4
6
M;UA47Y/0U ?^&F9(F[IBAY%0UE
3@5:*#]SDSQHZ@F!61/P1*274IU\:3%BJ



<-* :
MJ.ZF5JWKJ\ZA$)J6_?+18JW4I:
 HXWG5(L
+RDBA?N!C+B4F7;G$M'P0XZ

GA#13YZZG4NU96H^XG%R_2.EY:A:)'_[P(;!9H_CEW!
;2

M29I3[A)$]FG@J_HIY.81&X;XUE\S.UG&CR[=IF2P:V2GG((E#A\F&2(6[CW8

A:Y^7+R0!)7

^#6(N

4*.G'
M#4F
'=-H-I+P1^I
A7'BF?I!55N-GM:4VJIZ+-;FC

5'+=4;1#K\W:3T7E-9#-L(KU'2QV?7%F:0_

[E&D07V@P 8:2D\

MJ]N[3;&[O3.!?YFR 
 Y[_!7@.-_IN:2#@Z:DSIBG2R1#YF -;?YC;5.3_J&




ML^R?]O0L$K9TDV_*+;EIX4'7FANU7=QUQU'-_SWB5^1P!6$/DBT.8#(DC.I
M'_/,%I[(_C/0.C6$&,5.+A3QFKP$&K;LRY;!7XJN])[_.LETYOEOC+ROP


12V8



DW%_
M#(
S;JC4HXO-9IXT@!Z







*6K43L1Q'3O
MENG9P]Z9QY4S9_AC3S8AT;S+[N
-DB_-X=MFD)@IAWCBTXDDA&)
M<%6AE3A,*RO9RP-*!8<YL(#LI(Z

VN #HS#5
R5X*5'EN)L(1Q6MK6D\
*
M]+-(VK--/LT4PVZ3W6%6XF=T,LZS!7W]KKB77]E=0.+?#;14B&.O




FY'8NGGJ%%FY :1O$IE((=3
S7N:S\SX
M4FE@PK
[$WJVWR$YI$L&#DH]R6GU0E=EG:@M8(@P0YLT8C(M_$-[T/9JSAEQ
M!LV]Y$&YN\VV&^4UL^:W
/D@3MS37E_2TA.6
&:=#Z' PX6R'O'8:S_%+.
MSJ8W3#


:N_S]GF1

Z$D#)@G[=/_SD@ID\'8)BV
MD\&@3\9F



M


MN[4


$RP*BB6K

Y623A*I/75.R9=!<7MIQ?9)
C&
=4



MI#J$_!:3U!B
DCHI;78LK2Q:3143D-:(F
$4C*24RY7$U,8/HB :1)'6GT

*7&'*HDL*9?



6P:4Q)37G


M

M^39C6I&0/%+ETJ
KW^AWSE

MLO93O\LJ35Q(.$KSED0\D U#P]6PL0^T8AB^G9(/LRUQ0.F#JYG2A!---_2S

M9C4:)7+&YS4]ID*((7A/AJ-QTIY


M
B479(1#/S-7!K-TC=:?$^SS:??

U

\:XKF=5F Z\='A8



M9_*Q6(.=/^J



MIA_G

M:Y+6D?64NM? .R7VI?#=.T%T]9Y(^9
^*)6]?J_6XIIW6)]-O(?M8O#F'I]T








M:N%5BWB1+^CS1TTRWCO)Q






BK



MQ?7WZ


4D#;SI;7TH'/UQ
MRBC?:F:JJ?$0(YFR
E!=O7&BNR$K'V/D@.XNW5%MJ$:1R?%ELHB?2 7G0C)
MZ4.4@I6QS52MQ*-'',HI6 @V%URW/S$;HSD'.9U#E/$4B?[ $55M)VXNMFU







M)YW\E#

2-#=V7-_=(KY+XSPC^O=Q
M\^SC/(_2E'4-P_;P3

MFL2K;+I1F



1^5F(NJN$=Z\\7

M8]]MSD'2KF'&

^^IER=^U.6)'G=YC
CX;2_/

M2'*@+$W&@S:)YO3$U0
5A=+ 3




M++Z
MHL#)IQT@ \/NEWZ[_:P#?\;5B3V*Y78G5$RZ7=CT
#'XY$CM5^[4KO?




;OSBA'?WC( 1
X:UQOTA-(W
9YZU);).$MO'
P%$G!!
1E6#94
:E'='/51?77YS*

-WKI-(X+

OT^ _2?PNX -(BD'AK


99GX5YV6_V)Z
*57X1$B29'



ZL.SIXO6LOZ1[R018T60R@1] .Q\[$SV%10V'0^(W\,[@6ZZ]
MZOKTE?$AKEE_X3A^];;'QS(_-&]_Q]49_^?Q0CPA*OF5]QO=3KFBM-F']Q]
G!(O?5/IXP_4;BRTD?S2._%_[T=*X^UFVOO^34H1\O/?S:M/+IIY;X3
#(GZY?Q*<G
M-;D$6]XRUDWUQQ^+#;41$:B,;XF)/V9.EQ7 ^4;<= ^0FN&?PRKA0L

M

M1

&-F4O


MGN.?&86Q4UL$7!DTK#@$8 !S10D,ZG5@.D:& &X0E,!\JAI:?W6LYN_&4?
M


MCYJ


_/*==T]R#07O+''Z^Q*G+6.!A%C^BC38SU\N55X]NT
MSBF%J_S
4


K*ORL^PT&UP[<Z

W\D#FE@-7.=_4!WU.%8X924F!_&QT#WEE1R^0'XBMUZS)$


MO@2'C45A.&5LDCMLC0;/K!#1WK-G
:9+/


'TOG1:;
M7.^R]EB!5F@1AUX\V.MSXS1NU1VL&\ !!X5*(1T1PQPW.RQ





M#;Z8\2!XD;W!;_QJO+ ,PAS!&^@37IO2S##PW2#PU2VQM?X'-R9FN.(?9D


R



MFX3UL0L%[D&I$: GSQ*MDP.C;)&WV'4\.'A$-[03^VQO^W#H2=KP[ L&8':@

M!
P;1MS5C[SR$.*/5QV+359/






M($;M*ILW)5VL:^_4J&!W:P.
<TPWMLIK6\J,W''<3L)@XS=-@D*(K
?_BN5D]PEO#)C$J2H]Y?Y8
ME1^CGE6&V1


RKQ/VC]7F=1MC
M6&FFITROIIFP5[/3$8=)W!T!?W@X?MF&0AZS;MQ943*:@]PF#'YQNR\8?MC@

ZD5N=(3G?I]2YT/D_6^5'R



[

MC=KXDZ TDM W:JX+B34.#@C7@^=\Q+?JBW?/[NC%-WVY&?6D\43=9(SJ.U)$

X57MY^




MM6G8OC\D6




MS9OAR05=:[_


)D[@!;??H%


-+


M@I5(2'4%[L4    K @  P              @ $[ @  7W)E;',O+G)E;'-0
M2P$% 
4     #,@I5(V8!A1QD   $)0  &@              @ $I P


@I5()D 5

O87!P+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( 

)  !D


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ S(*52#]26ZR1 @
MY0D  !@              ( !3Q@  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,RE4B0KV-7=P0  @6   8                18;



4     #,@I5(JRU2_IP!  R P  &

M  @ S(*52!+

M:&5E='


@I5(?H

M;6Q02P$% ,4     #


M965T

4




M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
RE4@#2U09H0$  *\#   9              


O






M

  !D





@I5(Z*Z4A+X!  ![

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


4     #,@I5(.*03Z:$!  U P  &0

R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M 

M971S+W-H965T
S

;@% @  ;04  !D


M% 


U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 





M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     #,@I5(]9V'-N4  !/#

M 0(4 Q0    ( 




4

[4A0(  &H*

M4$L! A0#%     @ S(*52!$DLZ2L!0  -B   !D              ( !FHP


@I5(S$V1
M
L

M=#4P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 

4     #,@I5((UMXB3T  !H!P  &0
M            @ $

M Q0    ( 
RE4A^N#SO& 0  *\5   9                8=  !X;]W



M;6Q02P$% ,4     #








end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001493152-16-009105-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 
RE4B+J,OXW-(  ((U0 1    ;6UM8BTR
#$V
#$S
2YX
M;6SLO6USVTBN
S#^_?/S\_GKO=D/GO^7\'YR,LW
MW+T7^2,6CS6=3H?:S\VKIFYT=:-E:(;^O]K-G]K5S;?S'V/ Y<H,X3'\&9[2
MV_BH\6#T/K2,#VWC_\LY9VB&41#/J?_HZ_3/-7_]UQ]#W[$_X+\U6 \W^/ C
ML'][HZ#YW#KW_,?W35TWWO^_7[_<CR9L:I[9;A:[HB]D6\YMOM7UGO&8#!X


Z6'Q P+320


M[#T\= 9/
^M?RG] L 7V=#1[]D0/?UZ]=/\0M3$__GCFS71EF<OI<






#FJ'
H%2D8




]@$.LT



MJ-BCSARI





J6_U



;&]6^P9N'




MW[7=QQ
):.=4-G(GS@'M,_T@9+,\\4SW?7)/+_[WG,X$0KSRY?+TV351D\



M.Q.U4TKNJ$7M%'-)]I2/;2@V6WU9J[ZL5;H]9VQBSQF[=J3G&QJ=E.U5-;MC



M[Z8=


Y=$ZD6._:?N\7.[E3E[N1Q#*ZUQO'AHS]





EK.]A






YEILOBR0X]


!%E$.'TVZ!W?;I8F4N\0.96O*8OE:')M*QXSR
%.0.2I

K3JHX*-EV;RLTYUI

YLLBYSV0C7RN3/'9*S3@'

MY&NU45!MUQ3JXXZ_%[!\/MQJI.:C2K&1A50,748OF)A^.-2+37[5(Q]*J!2
MZF!\98+QQZ5,:L:I#./L2XUD)P6DFW0M*4*(S3OY!9_3X(]5%:M6$F0];Q0!
MH_=JOEU./$#QQ6I4#7;UFQ[*@D6:C$

MM.;PFL-+
$/F6'5758J
Q/$VL$M\[#_=^?83DB^['X:C%F$(^0[V90XM/(S
M-O#:85WO-4OS_&G_S#_2JB^.#O*=!CV9&1NQ+ZQ$^&SK^8_/5]BG(KRI:E0

MY(%;GE^!DQJ$]N@2W43_1(+MG]T1H/5@_KB(PHE'S:A2RY^)]$$CV_NW0NJ%


MSTJ6






M3E$14D&#G*S8Z2
V%P0Q22\\?PK+QJ&X\A9O!][&8%)XX:;


M

M#
WR.Q*KQ_Z9CVE%/R(@A8$!!E


]\;
88V


/7WE@;
M1@%XGD%PKB7+J-F!%D3#?[)1B-#9[H3A3DN01+ M^^BMAC8BC'.;KF9:3PP'



$*XFF)D#&GI^
MU-0<D![24(R-M2DSPR&\$X@AA
M
*

M(&.T'/=;$LG_ =E%X\:@L1C% N6/!
85&_&LR):!)HX\.$)N0 L']GE4CVZ6

M(;LXV;\1#ARJD6PF$Z .FM
ST[:2;8 ;7F#P\ZT'S-69T*+I$3E@0$*'F2#H
M[%]@0W-=RS0@H3V-IIHOC+@Y3OC*?R:8A)VGL@-N$AESG6OWJD9G^!Q[]!#M


G5C(:LFS#:
M EODDYY:JRE:;7$?XEM.H$5H
K$?



ZV-]O:W.
8[@2SX)$2



M]FP'[%T:;'5=+SET::A'X X# \ &T=!F7H!7#ALBS&;/9O*P!


NX (.B;G0Y('

/\P
W
@9.1Y-#TU_*Q%P!&!C7FQK8YU[
?(U2(
M\%/186N6$RSW&?4


M@?)@_X)Q@9SK^1^T_[J\O+Z^N5G%A]E0&?A0$)'X!2&GI?@3-X6F\C/\J?Z\







M7&IODQ
1'T2F&P?DEK^6OKZ0!/HP


B:?+=









M#282#9W'6;AS)2VAA0_







M


]^16+;0^&<BUA-*2VV=H-Z[8Y3ZIHE)RUL

MMMD\@^=/L!PTNOW.
MWK-YLGV(Y?5:DP*VQ0K-RC*UUCN'DNM1 Z['8N,=I'O(BJZ/R(K[)$;7WY
MI;[\4E]^J2^_5#*_%A^J+[]4;#GKRR_UY9?Z\DM]^:6^_%)??JDOOU3072[N

=ZW/\0+=1;ERWT%E0:U\\W:=//]:[


O&!(WC%UCYO^#
M=R$3F:G!Y9V\D%*

?0



M;%9'UY?-D$:S

M0I:1L+FGM
Z@U



M9HXM.I*/@)BF[8IN+!05#^;HXYK.R[^9):LZRB(B8\8[[HU%AYR9AQU-L!X$
M*#K87ZAPV\@Q@\ &Y493GVM7+)C9HJ$M


MQ]Z%?$FX/J4B#+P*'5!&%'/ 
I2VRVN=Q
#C[\#3)O:X(G+ EH35JT3_(9F[
M/L$*#K@[^:!*.'F$0L]@TF3Q+WA+I[GR)[QWD5@:JC'#.SK!2/V?J1(%7G^?
M-JA-$+:C!Z0L+FB)N*09Y5R4
4N)2@('



H=ES@LV


M



M!%
@&!J$1' T

O0&\TUMF@L $ODI&

+V@*7
MU5;

7:P-&(7@Y
MO-3

*]AI.1'@4VMI9EA]RX7J6ZS

VG
M=QK/X-#J$T^NMGX0:4906+79$H%LJ[ :.55H@=D7K?3VHCOLGS'3)GN(/P
M&9!*LM@0T
*XP%QY^:\F.%\1


+5%F

 (T)K7

H[:9!9O:*


+Z8CNM.7?@%KG'3WO!G0
R60UYQXWYQXC




M^(C5Q[O4P0H6IVLV=P9G28)5%Z?;
S4=*S&

M5]




M/

B
NB*^,U3P?G-2=
MQ5.]87LDMPQWS[ G=D.POF.;ZWZYH;<K7RNJOF%;EYDZFT^Z.;S5:N U5YL

MLZ[GM/-93M.:/YZ:



3*3ZQV

V


MGOZ+.ARGAO+






M'A8IQQEFFXJT)O3PGDP'Y]I*D?4'@W:[)\


D%-J4 _-&\JF_/[LK1R3E@3G


-C


#Z00O7^P(\Z-=GHI=OJB7I]*7+_:V



M6-6FX[QHYFC$9CB&F7#OS+=AM)D#4/L
LU%(K:/-*0Z/(\X\'R<$V/#[;$0T!0D:':CUM
(
MGPO&)R#*(XF:XPX9U1V

M!('G;=B%W-!#J1\KP8
7P:)Z2A3-M/VJ 'J+#/2&

2<#((0HP








MI!)S YD&_!A4D'RMAZ9##BZZ*H3CU.2+RGZ
&+HHS!+Q '@U0A?$P5R06J
M



S B?/=E 1&')J/;B_1I$!!@
M8()]0_:B0!YM(9LB?6;L_% @IS]13
Q#;O%
'* SH9FCY79N \TP^ *1A4X


X$GI



4D.Z
MC5M!WH 7%TQ =3UZGA74;=#4^9J=9J/7:59<(HZ.KW=:!@]?0]RE#%V7K+6
MSQ5]+F
%YEO\5=.6V8_%+OM2D/D79WO7QOL\P5)T8I).9
=+QY6'3$*RXL^U

NNNI
M/NW/!*DI8;H(,'N$(5A !X:7

U6F8%B
MLJ[Q\[+].;Z6DA;!]?NUQ./G)73?WL@1
[3ZQ:9HGO6T%V;ZP9K]:F.B+K&M
<40JGJ8UXMS
-+LW,/DAS9%SXSQ(Y1GVW$H
MX=KT
76LP1-5

YU1Z+$ZMRQ1$8*2S#!DRS*


'GB3DO8DA^7LV3PD4V IYXA)2'HTQ0
M6XKSTDU7@36\FT[G1)=@K-?BO$ N3B5;4@E=&GYH
3)G=@@O_%OZ.Y10B1)G

I

([+'-3RL9758C0\5E(1V7




Q1^7GD]J

O2C_2]\2KP2;
+NA]QK=5I
S.SBCC7ZWW=!J1E^Y

MNTZ4W$PC8PW3^\0 8EL(Z -=5L/7:J9=U

J-B80!
M4;F*E'SN65#Z%V8X+R2 3

M3$ANI[_T+)#7=;LGC5GD_*^TH[[E@^5(6Y)CS!\7KDQ/
EH-H]5O-(UVU3 ^




A)[Q0:@




M]'_1WB;OX\ P9/+C.YZ'R
4H0%





L_!Q.



MLXW4P\FZ2N66-W&V 0Y;VVCTNB)#W.@9C4'?X*Z=PE7!4K;*4IKBLLI1
UAU
B85N#JN6Z;#)8KU#2


M*]T89


M1##@+*$GYW4]R(F%1A7U8F8AGHQZ4R;?$U+T+/K1QW*1)$#0J 'O8CV=@@(4
M4JETOK%XBXS03'*\^0KVXE!R 6LMA+0AF9:2 61,LD+MU%NCW@,Z[AY3Y*

FR\0%S-4V7VJH]
M=:MV0\&O;=J2*M TNOU6;=/NQZ:]M_%ZLWH$[K.QPX]?33I0P?,1?M2=GOD
MNQ=$EV/'8[P Q$]
Z&8(O_7SLE0^&MHSM=I);@7!!FJ?R5
/?NGQ0@O8S
03

MW Y2M_?H^GS(IC//1\&T;+QKQZ@@(YWL\N94:AT)EP^=%) 0'7#D15/XADY)

M\@P

]L5^A-
M






L=7B)H\'
M':3ER0P@P1NE1X\[5U$%'S;C9;Q&0GYM
$\#GNOM J7%O%)N%^=FCDV;C4@'
M5WNMXA8O
W;/L-P%JL]




01\

GC




M:/&3RLY*LW]5-@K:E

MF6[))BQ0L3R^V7![VX.?

M9Z#_1]Z

M(XBCY#Z8_7BD KSI!P2-=


2%U62A%Y8$.6
=8\02H3 N



D.?%P.GVIICMYF9%T







#



 DJJT4K

M:I




9;T
=;U
AZW7TS=FY$8!+%PTHVGY/3+3

N
%@? 98Y^MCN][O]9@*:.G[1

-_8/_(33!D$*K8O@
!H!DB<-7\X<]C::?/-^GHF:@5.&7\4+

]


'KV+^^=O-FX_ZN=YL


MZ_R9(+$(R#RH]Z
)LR('4

=N9F'7U XA9)0H!9YWYW7'EOMQE)4T\1RP
MW8-K2HI!Y_'OHB[]K?\=:;9WOR[OT?4-2)3W\)0 +C[VYM!#&6Q(NH8G6#^
LO*,UJQ5(#@52@)[





-Z:
M








Z(J?OWH^^VYB


!K]=1?Y


&GE^29._
@_3DE2PC4JC9].-/T3HV!P#D@\RAP] ;V7\X)

I

%O)@.;RG(UFI]/:EK2_%B.
M%/0YGLVHS%4P$]&
FP


M#GA5):SC+LQ[GE=IZ*QAM^8]3[^T\7

MA7!$KMY&=VMV4I&]7Z@B^Z'KQU=WL$*M-P\.;74'J^E8T[%*@]5T/$TZEK1I
M'^;2?C7+N6#!I[.?
.FF('A5N YZ+'61COG*[='0^-PPE&;&)T'D4U0W.[V/
M7-T1:D53RT!])W]Y1^H=91



7-7=D#QGFOOR.ULA*):I%O8[UL


&!! +-G54A;O(/6

^;#

32IL+ F E:3[[5V3[S)8(@PX





#%=
MGJ(0?/


M1)PO
5F0B.U!M]UKE7$\LD521.LJO&741IP&T*LK%[:EZJI($ 2&8O9'Z[=
M$ @!U)MZ+J4^\=G6@]\^,_HYRKIU.RU]@'6A\DTVSZW?6/C9'7E3]F5Y8;]
M-='/6AW#Z!K* 6=JBL+S%RW^?=;6NWJ[URUK_JP MV0J#).QX.+.9V/F^Z)8

M:Y40+56^ %2K-Y^=N$K?YM7^&^B994VV@O'B5M#.$^\8ANX_Z-0%BMADJ=
#.FO/5=$N!;=[/P#3S(.PR<JUC3X(?6?7U-F.
MGWD![NP:OY04P+^^\7RL(QHW52K# A0]8C:$8 <(%.X?H[;(J 0&.S9]P3I



M/KBI*%XE' E5%+






N;9&8B7


M!_[9.PSH8MX- 2_N



0]#&,$_ ;,FIC*\7,7B9N
M*2VB)-S*@Q@\:7HR'39_#+3T '%9@$U6GLXQT98P+9[$+?,96'V+6 2?D:9


MT6LW#6

MDX+D/8

MF#7VIO/GDH*V/M '_=T 

=J2-

M-M@

AYZ3V\5&BX@W'DF]KPY\

00(-[+- G5:5F?E]3NI0NWJ
M^$7G+K[]ZX;16CTWO\

MZ@7F=3.5 EJ^NS!&2V_UM@ -B#H#N1


!0SM2V



&

L2/CBV)O.GZN=

 <HBF$;F4L/':(WMC

MVW+8[IF83Q


,)!XVVZL%T[/'Y
 WC)G!26QAML7[/7W1G$;R(0F+X-S[\'ZG,\<A!6B,-6
M<]#7:[)NG'!OZ$H?Q&9SV._N%U





M615;D



]$3UW0 ZW+(V[\NZ9?6Z
MP\%@




*


7RW@.[BX^D.]O=GN@*O2$#^\R\E_(ML7
M:U-7*^$\&807G[U:N$M'$3/XWAWN-3L5EYNKEL(QAS$51BD^?;6 ET5XM]\9

[53A/O$,U)8V;KK%4AJ.0&8LN.
MZN&<:=&!8^[CMGEW8$BPC9TM^-%GK0@])6N,-=L%R*T\F.DH*A2_(6 '_?9



?[
U46/ZFU






1!%
;^Y'H.P%XGH&

KS(3[8SM\M(6LH5--
 @9/''^*X

):$%

\-\#FJ9O.&(X-[((A$LI

C\)AR1\^W@3P(%1+V'];#5;A+ZQ\#Y
#-],;)I!PL I5YI@C023 V_XKA!M$23P6 S7?@$20)J


ME11


@';SE&@=)X9]FV#M9CR$[ *X\W-QYO;MX94
MCH!-+40X]Z9@4
C@<+;;\%Z$;$:V9IIXFFVZ;/3([V_OMC/8OY!1^X3C!
MTL*\/W3RTM]+:SI5?Y?N0OI@3\,Y/MI\_<X8(U?S+TC(+0/QFZ$^_9+ @Z#X
M:AZJ7P=1BUS[(4@).GD9W0&U/UAHX4C X(_QUHI*ZXF-,U-HDU7N=AY)P


MVD^'MGH/WG6:+;
U:!X







W;OIY.LK$RPEM&;B2B


F?S


_.@
E%I7K9%
M
2C#3UG


M)Y:G!S/ 9(862* U&4-MQN1%V6\+D@93R %%@!?:#[$_A:[BDH1M*K\H

M;DT%^LU]3(Y[TWD;6\E\YI:^/8E-0'4F\:V9_1.U1C_. *141CJ;;[IO50XC
M5RQ\3#+R^
3& Z53^+1+-\ =

MF_%=ZA2F\3Y1(N(+: 4.R_Y;O)TG'F..PH31ZW3-07]PXK+G/'$[:'7-8:=

M]L08M(:FH038X%VJ



MQ&N0(Q


M\$'\J@WY!8:\5D

%(4^8.8)HZ2F)5

M/\WA_S:G\_A!4HU8WH^0AJ?*:\-?)(Y4R%^NJ\%B6([-46L7







_MED&LU
MB

A:6)L#QN@A7J([
MGJJQD(A1^6'W=DY*R!Z9+SVHM6\Z(U&Z;!M% @.A&BS(!R?+S*;CD3[+^F


1&J



]BU?M1F]G

MMR5.27/FINS@R_ACG9AW7L;(SIKJ
QR=]KN-EZ7U@+HO9@X'<RT*J&!\
MA /G25RAVTCNFH[F^%U(HZ8T#T3OD/TN/9\F

M&H%86AA_E9&@^/[@E-(FT-=F\@Z^.(:6Z4=DNX-1N=_4CAI!_6SSHL&[YC
M9!B C;I.TRJ:)'9Q [=SU372-,%# B8N(C!%Z]A#+I-O7S%9;JJ0PKI2=T

N
MZ!8NC

ML*HBK'3Q


MDD






M6C?7^31V74W.9F%.798=@YK0
8$9R

) :F*:J;Y@@ETBB]G
MFE-KU; MO; 9/DM0)+X2/&?*;ZBLW['ET&#!7(@P59IK&I=BIT8N:WJ%5SQ
M/9[2P/

M7X2^I^I[\54SJN#DBUQ*0A\#BE[@)7C! ?EXVEA09163V91_ RA9NO$U_UBB
M


M9


R
)($$NL&G;3'1(.^(&??I30(B&IC2M91#

W1
/



 CC: O[P[5BL\:7G&]5
MI=JD!K(LD









$Y02Z@S@ O@V9/*A:NE_A:
MZ(+L-GJ;30TXZ%-






MM

M*K/D5&PDOBB_)!A4?96ZI


7CI3N]!J-LB3KD


49



MZ781TQO/?T^9--]4(LU'5^8[ODQA29


M7U


M\M&]%OWF6K

M



M@XB#N


MZCG8B:6BWAVS^W+Z
Y=IPGU6



^/D[X



M^[F4/CLV]IK])OS3?Z9.AG3]H)O]8/.RX$P,$?=BJV TQVA.%KZYG#XS+!
M27FGCZ7*.[T\OTE[9+:'9W(HS@RW[4'7[)UHCL6N/JEGRP3-7F]D#KH%!/PI
MK.NHF.GT #OMBL
O)<4F
M2='NFX-![R1/V%E(BC


\YQ+#J(





M[CO:R=[A[=?VP&QVV@WCQ]P.]-_@KW3SPB@ : D4!!:C5N&CL1#AW)OB0/)A




/E(L9
 W.1;+N?$$A ^/!#N=&'KZ--SB:IJT

CP21@3O]2TQN*_


?@*%QB$4



M8F/+\\G(J+ETK'A)T9JLDC4TRP;M\58G\IP@ADD@7O+6#W)K!1KGC RCN.
MA33+QBD\:+
E; 0#Q



I=\E%PI
MA//D-_IN_6(E]U& $1_1N(4E!PTB0'?.\O+Q!F([+5U1GH/$Y%U&X1(O=Q8[




8[--Q5P.'0M$'SXT-SS

M[3)




Y@[?7T]F%
M$W%/KXGMUA[J%0HVB*L@2=H@=D/4[[*^O%B%!AEAP[RQZV#L6?Y46BW 1S#9
M7=#[J^C?&%D_24I^$A5L^VWD#5+\3KC)R7)6H*2]9

M2[D/$H.L


URLUB




917C2;ZS(C0+C@^]%2Y!@

MRT

C!YAB%Q 09 )P!.GT\+L

MY

.2\ 
9 8T'*@)M'SA7%VQP;$1TM
LF/40X*^KT%,&V;]A9#VLJV.N87QCH! E+'
T81'*!TN

;

MJ2FAG.TGI*(-XLZ/6$UC+HF(AU[Z XIW/  OS,DK*!/G&B:*A)$CB[QFK*



MJQN?E/28=%WOU:@W

K:8;3I\IG.)U9]17D7T([#)XQB/()=



]6;J+@Q1/# :(*
MI+*:UOVDQD=WZ3V\9RQD_8&M@E:JB


MDJ]/AAS8$VY-14Q?J]$OBF.
WQK=1E

V22ZFC#7=0&&9I2XO\&/Q4F&9@\UJ/=;+

M^6@7&? $8_D:63IG(Q

=D








MLK@4?F3VU7NJD

T':GM;H
WR^TH&4&62[R2-4-W%/GM
=?L?5Z<-J-0A!NP3]
M=K+?5K;:O93\*3)75?#MB(X?V'\J\A_)Z-Y+=6UU1SU]\:LC[S9W%0MCLVTO



5\3A3&-6
6
MT E/\XQN
L .O3BRFJ#%YUNOZ4G!9SRXDY(2:P*[*/P_ZJ /9(HJ K<W:761WY




YFP;=FTR\*)$(I@/:&

R213H7]V[4;VN'C-W%G!UCV+?QB+0HO_2^?K87UV7(GMFO_
M?X'Q5\_!TA<!M_K^GU_7#;]IM5JN^&-5V;W9?/9-\^T+6P4IO?J4RG^_5ZIS
MM1.6=6CW-]S$3L^6NG7S32SCJSL:S[Q<'?*6=7:96DJ@54%I4A^LAL$U<._



=7%I=X4R1P!  SL9V+)$O8^



M8@RL7^$+59WK#E4I:JS.](\OP!NR
MG8TA8&+@]!






^%&Q;+S#T@#S\$:M-A#4W;J.9A+7#0/*P
MW(.0G&M$=Q- _&?2$CG#E$AEKL4)1!.^Q4=S0T.[TF$6R\43-9QGLFV V$

MJ
EAL_
+ZAZZX$ O^Q.T6N.\/.[(BXVB8@[&+_ J)+R6
N33J[*5@TQ*%D9
M16X*SQ6\_&@0JJ[=LZ!H


?1VY!U&VUS5ZO
MLZ:7HU:?O6X'L+GO6WND]WVC/EX$;/(1S.2]WL1BP$62F9P0P4?LOJ)B#V
MODKB1TJ/997@IF6)RT@[X;KHXQ/-*07*716K
05J=I.\W;5Z6-;&J59?'-

M[!;9.3)OWZ;-8A ?X0SP%XNSDV+%=JIM]4B(B)*[/.9$7LJN8NJ_)D&9E3
M57-JQ:F7

MYW:L92!^



M(&I#L8E(UA+&\

M[WRBVQ6OYU C[*JF5#M'85H9GBZI[


M$Q@/N1
%+B!W^KW.H#UJ'@'Q\=T8*Q37*M96+-^RHMW8W VOVZ!6PO?-45
MT^#FK




M9*%7C#[=^8X[$V_LC+8=3G7;ML14Z5NU*O9Y(];+D#)X&S23^]3ZX)ME^!])



M9
8_T!(



M1EPV3[

#=
M ':&:X\N * ZC$8%V[


-YZ_2+RWE20Z=5N#_BA+M!NG




O*/9:TC^%Y?]X


M)VH&SM.ME)YS@*T
'ZK#AN)Z ?7W^#&WW'U84VQY27NB:'BM
^IQ2/;8ZSHE






M]@





?=9H5

MU



M.[?#2:A[MQ^]=[N.%.0DPJ^B#6JU?=3+-57=L@IU^+7.\@8RN
QI/MW6I$^$

GAUDL/[K$MV[WU#K;K
W'%4 [=N7

CG@%JGEK]?G(EY2[==;:

X+'YW^R.PTJ\''4S/:6)F0=R9L
MU[A7P2[#4M&NXZH6VQU7QYBC
#VTS&ZS9_:[S?.@\[/#[J#;
[O] C;0^4B*

M&M[
L); *W[:[#^G4?C5:O=&'TF-\K86
&ZX5&%(BIB:':
M0!@(&^#@T1@+(XC&_X89<$3'7M@AZQ+ -(5OJ#N6AKQD0B9L AW0DU.L.V
M$<R]R)GBL#Z# -:QITO8+4^?&VY1J_YVO#4A4ICPHH+('0JX)$%]JF0LV$8


MC/[J^8:L=)Q:0A:V 
$.3V$$((KFU'UH$W9

L)/(D
M),J_P2/BT67$.;XQK=IC4_Q0 93$DRW#]$0('F$
XNP=(6B'R./=HY]\$Z5

P H0SI3*F6*\!$(2ZI^
\
M(MB 


MPZ[PZ4ELS^)?.0

MFT Q#C_ET8
6]X! FL;3KM




(
M 3QFL8J$;%C\M$!AXI



F4P\T33K3&QYW/8U[ E
A$-:3
+*6# D#


MP?-&
V[BI'UX3*K]@JZT$


M1T^
R1






MD?+43)G#K4OA+RRZE*U=T#P&YL\M
-ALG';AVW/#YQ[GZ82B1 7J=IYL]*+J


8[AK-ELML]NNHF_6*7HE@# *]+0Z!3O[B)9Z:S@R!_V*[Y(^M;$.

#O;Y)%IVS6Z3






?'1Z8_
3K
:?#PU

K&HL])4L2GKD V]-


-IZ)'O5B




MVOS#']_?_V+\#.S?7-L!'0 
DE^
A]_@&

($P









$)ZS
)3H0#S
*UY

M;8$OA7


MH@

I9&A:6]*-+5I 40:XB?0
M!2P5=M$UO6HRY0\;84FPP0_1DZH^C !B\3OT-),*6)?$JM7D6+^[ #E8[
PMC

M/H[H



?6%\JH(#X7?[5^)EZ


M1\/!VV$
+ERMB4P.




M\^_UPG]K+GSK50[QGW=6&8F\Y
WL9H7.%/08&7[-.[T2WNF4D&*T^

M?S
//KF?*J%6Y\GL6^L\JZ#Y9+(M8WLWMWSB#\L@F$,;;- X@]V/P6K-QV
M:3QTS&#UBOI85%2$%362P6NEB*T8\\XJZ59PL&%_C?$E3/DKG&UE52^T2I@

M4GRXS
!V^*.HCP6 J1



#!%9@
E*4%FO(F2[
M.P#N PCQ?@V I?
'M
PXU5)XJA=V*9Q


UTGQK W 6/-


MU_G3BC))8?&_][B/0&-*Y3T!#PLUB W101AY'G_$(QER)&B$D#HC@!'4]N\


MFUC$T1BPJ/!JBW28RFK)BBO?6TMQY


M[





M4$46S=R&X@Q

M2
F]&G.1-

!WE8W

K




^4\O9SI7XZ^/FANVBR9:7O)W$%H!!$(F^/.OV
P]8]Y$Y
M\G9%GC!(K0H:#-OU*!H:X^X)Z.D+YXX<+9'ZRAO$JQ'?-R1QRM89H1+O'HN



1%Y6TKLZM.?$YZ:CY_92#$![*NB
MLE/P_0(L;48\#Y.3RH6IFJ@KH7JTTW 39@AN9FKUN)B[C(M0TT-NN8M3H['
MMV*MQX(OKP@+9K@'*=(]:2/(OAIB6LD'G:GI3=T6LYO6QH ]F&_LOU-64W;

//

5_;[A







MU#L-8!9:4C&ZHMGONY0?;YJZ=3AF=K9(Z4DUI2?]H_2TFM+3_E:NWIH[ KI
MAU4WG#EYVDT ^\7-9.$*#-#&/!#^0L--#6_N!F[



MQW48-1PT@_6&DW\ );=@
YC6O/3L:C[J@+KG@A)_2CSO9BJIQ-QF:4!H(;JG





@__)TE[_C'C@N]RZC4SHC\
M

&]R'BS97] E7I$C
M]#



_Z.-C-Q
DY
0A];#?23 MY?:D5 ..*(#$U?+J24U+$IA6TYFI!I#N:GG\B(
'

Q%H]G/GOI

MB0@5[_/@@N#P'OO^U;T@0N5@<]]KDQ)*OSV);X@OQ\QCN9P?<=Q(+ 'FKG;
MZ+:*]HH*P?CZDH7M3MG0?'ORS&D@Q^PQ)XOV4*%KNT5)& ZD/]\2+^)R8IX]

28NJ+2\Q5L^?6
M)&M3OF//UUWUVXSKV-I-5%EY$?D2$+7XT+&WZ3;CJJ@+BSJK0M9IR*D*[7
M_[(

G5
2$:E#/?)^]
MJ JPF'&2

DCYD3.
MIZHXLHXCW%!F[=*I1=NH6


5OGN
5P@Y


3L_QKV'Y]89\


Y


MPY-9


MF$\7J@J&4GJ4




($MH!SV


J6




M1 56]J:0GSD3XIJSI2FG+36RFCR(
'\RRI0KE)K9GLDT)J[E!!J]W LW\2M?
MJ90_



MN=8IHHW.ZL6SD' BLNDYEK19$7UKZ\

W

&%T5A
M(K]@=(-C39M7!U1/V,:!66B+@*3E^5GA$5C\EGY90W&3*^=E+;VRN]1A38
M)
ZE@'(5TG^*LULQRVMU$W9D::EDXD?2F8=SKM9;-G3'UU4.R.%7:]TN*U

-%T


4)Y2PLAK E!SQ*VS2*-_6WP59G =Y







M9J.XG6?!WKAMIG!T*ZC?

MDF9?JIJES)0*!7;HC1]Z8SBH5MG^MG9KNZC#=*^J0T8:(Z(Y!#(O,F\H#HZ
M#RX(#N^Q[U_=R*$ZL#W]+)/J[*_L5'70#-&*.?T9S2?'P^L2G&Q=
=Q(+#7


MA\41BP2-\6]:BW\%#K$;5W@

!D0Q1OT7J7=/GTJ




U4
]]G+^KT
MBIAQDC(DBYELPXD7WDAF7G+!*OU^AAF%6O+5&X5
_)@R50 I#?Z
8AU0KD2


D6EJAXH=3RCK^IO;; 92&R?
M6NN%6JL)G .M44WC*M]



M8Y'A _

5 J1S9.3)TOT:Y*(4*

EWJLV'C4[U!3 X$;
BD1E&PH42X%R
5 BAQ/U


M+_KPUO.?G#+1Z7))5



$%     @ S(*5

M $E)I

ML#_[Q3DE[M%Y

M?SP@AAV.4

@+!%(N?K.A


C\:.CT?NC#Z.?7]CLS0:G6-F4^/@&
MSQWQ7SZTME]=(?'_P/43PRIU5O1XW'
UKA(!P'L[
@]

M2XKGO[X1P^EH


:XT




S
^F\/U'44!0Z[6RJVB
@]^%B@H6(,:-XH/RX75-,Z*6_=Y!Y7VP+IS-K@A\Z5
M%Z](8G/B&A%+.S_J:FP/&J1-KKS\K_@.O?#Y_^2)Y?*8'Z3G:ETJ9O<=?E2
M_E?$%7+V)+2BWE_+VW=M!S1K#[1G%^A]_P[QY:4A6?)]M6OAZ/&MIFQ__]'C


)^RM3T+1:((QNT5\'3KU6$PH)O78

)2NO*H]=K:[Z:JK!HDK?&;]9&B\1I^U*<N;W0$R;P



M_\(:F^.;7^Y:RVEFWJ.5?8]X ,X]=D'BPN,F+:_KMVO=AAJ7[XK-A1!S+D
M#_:Y7TT(W9)I0MKP9[J5GZ^_F/(#!&\U9@R'[


847?#=%GC+ / C8C-

M.YJ1%?(J
?CMZ-
MTMMG_Y+^^'[+H7!'GO._;J7QT0/VXV_?IXW+VKZU@/4X<4B#[;3=/LN[D3&F
M&^;32:&Y\B0S\1=N81\+)WY\=?X;

\

IE+X#
*U!ZOIZEE @$$-&\4F**=I$)%JGB(P $SOMWO4?G?E0B0U,
M;6R&0]?0Q&


MV0A*9I2$RG;$E+R#&Y-1H#;9[&O.+0Q
MI7M0!1XA13_T:CB^:[XB+Q9FM:M




M%)WT#D




O7!7[K$D<E5.
MT=\9* 

M5W4BRBN#YXI&?- O&N'\E.OO;T
1B:&(Q%!$HESDH8A$1T -122&(A(' #04
MD1B*2)2NA?TL(I'GEYMK4QH/T5E\.+S&-';)Z'K9(7KK[YE4$
/.72TO0.)'

/KG+&H*E8)32]QRK .[F/6892I&E\-








 \@SJNZY&I
MI&
P31[F.DT\[Z&^



MW+QBG!^4S:?*_25W'J
F



MNSN'


GG(DBY5DN['([

5_8
MD%7'\8ZT#^YV

M*C=7/Q2V^6H.!S$HX\\XV^]8L?GH5]B,.AO0W8*?G3K+O$L\OD $6?\(1T




JZJ*:A&;V=2K0*()9E$CUID!;:-IL]G0*N)6&QK(7?(S
M&\WY'=1;($ADR BI


)QNP6^9@)U[H@%)&M



M&EZC=;S42#$H)!K4QD#PX
1

MZ&QK'H\9BU9I:6^/_3FA&)_SA8-B%M[P[3 =@!++JB

%&*9X]6.RTWU8RL
P)O7V8L
/
MLK2AA$V-

M6A!_+G%J%&]MQ1QUP;@U=F\

M\#\6A'K_3'87J0NG;G]V^WL.TY)MYEMU:53WJ^OW:

^


;

M+9P'.VY.(WQ'Q%.!X@6^G8T#!)6J=&$O.+4D 1=@H[


CR







M]
6&V55O8O5[3M683E_-[FGBA9;XH!![&L0[
^+I%LDF5DY@/T)2QB%POIE^
M!
;V1M;Z%#]()I*

M[\-^(*O* GN4+(+U$O%3BL='H[00)$S3-]B*O(

F;M7+FNJ??$


NN14G


M-6_P?3XAPW1^0O'
TZLF__'#?F11=!&_ !=W

QIBN^
M?HQM]L^EKBB2$?F/-UB-SX!Z@46Y43]C2RJY6IZ$090N2 H*&/D[IE(@5'2


G[.5&2UE;NRT66#K;W'QY3E5!P?+69@P/

PZ]0
F* HB-AOE$2/L0\_J?6-?%7E%26=(6- .@E(
M1?Z;7LH #

MQLS4[QP2PO V01PQ3V.DYU&._(X-U49)C.SWQOX7%38^RZ(A[
;K+O2=A
M?#!I=#5;UT&S%[N1J2-,1RN5%FLWF&&J(EKRUGH[!5@5RY3TZ'70R!
WZ9J



VMM8AZP4)4#3OA#2ARPW]@!)8?
MK=&5W:#6E@@KVZ=&@\:8!#;X4W:\HD^QK6_H+S_9$$XO0C5AX^9\!9!O_
MCMVPMR,N-;

MY%MTO-!+U$8 #EM=U=M1JY7K=675]VYQ[MJ;#PU5]8HLC4^;M1XO2G(M+M&+


M;\/N(A$132O(*788T1QH;:^^54R#:C8; 1:9!.I:A=E6]D( 
0NJ/N




MA[EMW!6'A[EM?9A[LXC_;\_W!0\!IDQ5?EQ*8_63W4K.[5S@
IX

MB@%N3(8]DL3]\YRQ:%


E@NN;C


M6G7





M1&\)Y7:2T9N+$HFJ'#B(



1Q4<31FJ^]$76V-ZVMQK;(-=!_?B
MM-DE\3D?[.RO2%Q!X/V[VS+VBKC6M_VX5K:_?W62'D5T*^[S;T.<:XAS_4AQ
MKBWO)SYB+$U2ESLJ)1V^RN4LEH7TLKPJ0R!E+0UXZA0JYDH.;?447$8(#:[





_


UOIWI(7;*U'^1Y0.C-%LJ_
M1NLX(3I=@S1KYLNH[(=1S3T(EME*^J6K#$VVD0KH.(BFZ/M 7:,HA6
-Y


#*W5(PZ2/39SU?MXO6N2'D=BU\ST
M



<X_V#T'Z%C._<


]F
H6Z(GT(+]
Q:$<+W



O
M31N%&X=Q)N8I\\


/?L/S206#5?MAURC
M(==HR#4:<HV&7/3Z RY1D.N42]SC2J=:N $^Y1/(
/^@CPK;I[#)GE#W^SC
M::1)T7LY;M05YI7WOZ5_1]HW)2)_J,E^@RYC18%LJL$/1I^@Z-V4IUA!.Z
MJ'[W3&0K7.?

M)4/7?6!E2#@9$DZLU!HTT+^8BU:)IX.]
)9@'


.'A=3_#8C8<6?+\P/ 
BR6ZMMF$KH'
MS;E7EUR7JVBE B77S,*70D VP9E@=M6Y1]::L\V
^7\UE![@4UPM)M5^P5&
8-OC$L
M._63W3XB&J+@!#UZ(?)OL1M1KDK




+

!LS2!G&3SB()+F&





Q8!

MUD&

!?\]X81W2)CT20$EV22LTY_]6!\B%PB]G74V
M


M\M9[9?QX'CB/ZZ $QMZO+N(3-$*@NX][2)SIFHSBCXN?(JX5)&9ZRH96U$
M0G [:/554L,
[


Z]LN^1I+^'-ZAL^W1^2GM\V]#[=K!V?4C.;NV
MLRM]2=<R[U=4'N[W5UR*6WS=Q6Y53E38 HSWBZ%OE7@6.[M:@X?FWU=C6!H

VJV)?6MAN&Y1Q7W[VR5+98


M.-/^KR:$;LFDH:6O%0




MQQ7?E(3&
L#U*M;I\0_!8'BB,(6QXC;+=D);(_D_/[[@KQ\7K7)$UDC OJ
M3A]%PZ1F SL/$D'CRE:2Z=7\Q^P=&BW+K#&K(:])^G/QQP/_*O_)_P=02P
$

38P
3
Q7VQA8BYX


M






T0K ?_K72/V#O[T[L.W[[[[
M\/7G

@'N?5'_[:F@S68MB^ ?UO
OK(

]
MU@X$GXV=HMJB GU][U6XSZLHW0A\7]
&/E^Q? XCT<\6F3!HW(*$(@P7F7^ 30UUV6WH^'Y2;@C7/V7=

WW_ZC__-O':/Z4
/?A

DU+2(DZ9/UDVH2I]]#FIH6.B.=<S&1O.(<%T2]3EY1$;_ KZ2'CY
M


P^?!.OA$TL/GV#LX1.W'CY!-HM<5T_,SUXLDC2)*EH:?1-
MK
_YP@BW/TDH!8

=D
'$V06BF
3)50&V

M!I@60OUSS:4?/'/I'IC/ -\_T8)&BXH6KE.A5C'0=&BIB&9*U&@AY)8%JLT[
M?U\3K&K5]\TS^.YU1O5\&@EXXXT26


ML)(R=VY?PFO?RM &7=O]C*=G)4S*COW3OCL6@G?$1MVZ2*K7=K[7=[1-PUO'
MNT%OB6 6QT$

S9,43+(A:%0AZ#5,5 MT$!@J205GDQ6:%C&!4DCN5\#


5U'(^8T:


B8%G]RQ


F^SX@1[@@





]CN]I!:+C@Q
M'

_?NW_8GK$8$(!

M0$


EJ54)Z$+JBOIR^)Y]9


-
M
B.MSHXO[6E





NMT$L^UX
ME1.KC<@&W=^*TJX[-[[?Y#KSV%;W:+@CQ$NP#MJF*21<
0!HD264=I%;_OH

^XI


M(K)9(+K





M*
NUM/?F(._7G;3 'KJ5&F$4)')!J'$S08EP+=*H$:$7CDX_Y^DZJZ+B]3Q)


I/RR1@EQ2):!
M*.J'!IJ
%%22






M_NOLCW7R'*6










H
SXYH_Y#19*R7(
LF8
P

LY2



X

Z1!ST )'UM&._=I5);)(J&Q.XNL)81BEV/5

M$MKDV2.XBWWG4NM_JD3].O%ZL$
O7I9#8Y(
X+1^?&=Y:B+A(D_?M%IJ/10-
M01X56!5Y^G+HR*



AJ?147&S'(YF\_7


M39

9++_V[(





8%2K9V2D%18 Q.
CP4Y&7Y4V1+[3ALP
)GT10

Z7B99 H

*FCX
MYH93FAN%ED@Z/M!#9N0D8^UJU -/D4Y3(RZ/2@=/'2Z=(YT5VUJ([89+Y@/:


MYW@K)_%?UN7(HNLILI3@AWQ]E8OKKAB9M++[9QLC52796[8W$ND!V$'
M0VSV'4II.R_SWN!J76VC..H3.8N ]6EE& 6T+V*6AMI+P*Q%74&K[.S)&I*

M4I YCBWS0)V\(P]00ATQR





WO]*TW
[W-:E$(\\
M7C1:?LDY6L5MRDYS
:'IZ5))&S]-9: FJ /PB0S=LS_J--!.HO(II65Y]ID6
M\Z2DUXMZ:U=YV6?K(D



MP






MT;!1 6K
F'O.=VT@*5=9$D2#;.
\*1-%!!^]P#2D*:Q%0\TR^SI$0M/

M?'_
51N-+9D

)$]














DXT
+-1A54

7#\

M;YZO\HHV9W


MCZ$%9)50Q-*!UY%K+(^28!J09I)Q=K4'[R@#I3J3;+LT[Z019H8T7IEW$


MYD61OS!OK21?%HWN5[ ;PKXD=D6X^A$DCL%'TF[CQW'B'2L$WP31WA/62Z
D

I




ME:'*[\@Q?4RR#.P.\])$[[_-+D3XB
HTX)H.9-]PZSJ/.?[6JU7*4_!':9.U
M_R);Y


UF4@K-Q*E*]J:
B

C2#@@PV*


M8^B@Y_EJF5LU1A?


G
M&J\ATV-/VOI:V=;E^HW1W%$S# 
[MRP4S2#854U4CYO6DAC!..C*1I.#KK
MCTA3/+@E?35L
\#&366;%W91\$$



.&I8Z I73

W%:Z7!$




M 
K75!IQ(N31V:YQA:SK:KU\2%*9U\TZ8;2TLE]_&O$*!YD^08JBL[)*EA 7
MJJGK6





1M E7'F8
:VG[^\U$J
A=%4*^0:)WNBY:02G




;8685-


J671T


-!3=$+B\B!WJXJ#O%7WIY=0O\HS]



LSS6XF1=



EH
M+[)ZCW_2 -GG=P


M


U

M&-VJ[#!3R Z:0SU+;%%P\+&SC]JX;P-1U5)^,1VM*)*![;B(*I


00

MNJ!%06

+&T



MVS+Z''KE\:+3IXXPYA4B1E GO:B_@E+WZ'#!#1*F$^MVJ-.Y;PMIN@AM9N


MN5SC3H]0H8ADENE2E(TZ3.*P+!@HN9R!6;(4'LNO@V;(&M=P!9%+
@=CISZ*
*W/]BTKQB72]<

M$T1
]D&Y7)M!-/8C#VL]?E7G0FG?5.OE/X$GFL\+2B^RBK*6KN!TN@[STS6=
MM\_[??;';Z
.'P[R\VT\-M)OA57/DK];



[HKWFA1BQXTR2!NQH[+1V.(=5TA]1Z[W$=+_2J %
MH[82FDMR)GELE^6<L.KLW1%9<8,WN+=]1#**9%%PO[9@J4L3_+E0Y+5;\K1
MU6S.L)8\*9=X;:NY=W1\9\*2F\H:^BLBAYUFW2[*=JGF=ME8_39OHMRT9BW
M'59&&C2M ,3'45Y,=WLE$L7$[_DH08!1V$-AP#M*X?*354QY#4I$ZQ=UU

M6G30D- 1J'0Z4[_?M:K5P

 :04


_RBGDKJ^B5/TSVDE1/
M&











M//.3:


M17]Y9FZCEX^PP$^BU(T_H4@[-$5W)'DL;''!U$




M#1Q6Z9+91\M=D:&(WR3)
KAA0N3N]^#L
(!23DXP


M$3/
\1$I^0?VM/J&P=8


?R'

M^UPQ:.ND?((*B7T^X]L;)@6?)L
.O




-Y7[%=Z.S%#2 =.Y!U]!Z!\.E-#GK%5WU42B+-1T[E=W

*9&
.G*_ANF9S4R 1
=[ =P \V
MLPWR:+CF %)*9ME(U@%I4?RW=0DWZA9YT<2H-:5ZR(8Z!-[61_%T]335(!E2
M'2JCS)5JT M.M0W 6I^U'AP99OUH7M_EFY8Q\ODCW42<^




%COJ&Q0(2:5
[B.MM:W##]HMP45
M.%7O6I6]M!!7CWF2QWC%S^?IX7)U'YE-*RK
]=:7?:)2WNMBT0SW#;;76D



V9G.VKBIH##[[1UH]J1\Q=]'#XRYMA%KQ-G OQJFJBPJZ

7[(FH_@VKVMEG:#;M


+YZ]L8A#TW::^#4/&=




MI[Q(_D[C3UE



MS=;ZZO.4*5Q
1

M#^O&2UL Z95 +N%R^)=)1EYI5)1?'?VWL5*LQ=H3[6.Q?)J6SB(4Q+=KMMPZ
M)YSM


??QKA6-ZJ?<3W\MI]Q_8
8UQE/_+J?
M@

V9Z

UUL=._MN
MJ!WM<@4\@-1?(*OKHKE!=IF_&/+!^?A@8)]SQPUG,0X[^EKP<EO5=3F@1N/

XX&W!G7[P/OOZ
1M _3\
M9J4.$R2KJ[



M5[2ZBU(ZSA#JJN3-+W.N0






M)82#%09DTBOB&7T'LH2VPGMTV$ZB\@E6I%G
%A/1? XK3&#;+$WS%P@I5]7&

9PKT++$JH&#
JXPQ_P!/;%=D


-:1
2L:D?N


Y)ELM3FIM'$1KADT-[B*;YTOJRC=799^TFU:A

QR)Q5R/KF[8)BI)*QQKUH3IL*Q5M!945T%XP0Y5
%(-P-.U2)2=OS)


MPSMLBC[/=U LFK&PN[J






Y?

MP6WB-)SZYSA?1ID[8ZX

K-'^EE+\;4-+B.;%X)ONRGK.8S31Y
M\=J^E?F1*E^IU<C]%N=S;]W*OL5?9N4]IK*79I#2DSFU-&G%R:]P?A*Z-YZ
M8@=/%^'J#0O
*4\8?8W]?5QD+2]#TSZ.Z_ P[MX;&'(XG




MQ6RB@B65
H6[41I7+[A E0/_'RK2*)%&BW UOB$8Q
?1^ML#:EAUJN+CV-
M
UYG?@=(

M


M.?

M5%3PQ
AEJG
E%DO6/#*75'K4!:C8'US-%B<<AZW/D
M*UJ=K[.X/!.7%^H(A+-H_@37W.0+E?L4DAR/IR\QI(O2R*:D_
(1_( DIK
MKH2T5[0H*Y#


MI-4(:BVO\NR6 FFBA[2.\4A?SRF5GSYP$
?5.4Y8I8M6S%06K58]M-C86E!*

M@92[HZ*D%A^& X;IB?J*

MT/U@3['%W/SX:95G9\QI?+W(JOPN2JEJWTS7=;O[ LI^WWGUM*19U(7Q:6X8
M
SL7)P*MQ)I]CY&

QK
M






C AC5


ML[)*EG!'_E-)%^OT






M'VEXEH[VEN[)[]SM]P]L
.VE\IN


G^AA?A7LDSD

M?+_Y-R!X V3]M%IY).OH:V^9K.JJ.MO;.KM\]UW/UQ'*=6?)OS;8V=;A7R




M1 =/JHF)5?S]/_@;64ENT$;LA1LFV!2+M\N]KH&4''K]+5+DW]&P2L-J5W



0H$@7JXF6Z)NQ](HCJL/G+!*



%-K
%;!GESPG
M




M)P-A






-IKB1C+

U?


MAY%*G:47Q=5+5IQ2S%]CN1[Y9=$8'KU:

9



M$0$BA4)&S5UD%66-6C&?+8W*



M'8#'#=.\9*LC?78ENPJNKG#&JPZ/%7:
7XSI5

M=




G24:J)PH'V


M69ZTO^!JV3$LR94]NPZZP+A_2HKX)BJJ5UV:OY$ KN;5H)-2_8$8X7)AEW-K

M@
IMMS#Q932J'J(TO7XH:0GC7O_*LU[TM^]^2Q]2;STUJ
L@OLR.4 HRTZJ\


MGO12BAC: DS;


9E55) ]K

M*E3C5N8R1 @%:MMV3_[L\XIFI7JNE800M;


;9Z
M)X:QW17H]TOA,F7(/Y5H.9ODLG4++BNGH:[-8Y1!U@A*?(/RY2W=321X3+
M'^Z[0DBVR!P0FMX4&JJ$




7F'==9\FU'
-M

MC@/NVHCZ?0/0JK4&?ZZL*80\O)(O/XDW4+\BW:YG5U:H;8/HE:]L[_/9_(]U


G\U=JN3(J(NG89WRFCE19!?


M!8+]6KI2W/.G
53%HE@

M$;17E/WA/OJLZCD7/42=-PFNE-)DH-QLYK+AQ@JH8XV/&P7LE]8.:$NM.;9
MXSTMEKHM]?[OB'I&4NZE
J$WE5
*N0V^@YG?Y%F:L].E?@(@J7!_NOFS5$2
MWSU0 O;RS^V/@-)'WA !]77;)P%[7WT[!/2]V'3\]-LDZ^8[*/N@

[%YL;-

XD
M'@9OO'(/L^+!4VJ-6






ZWR%3)LV;

M-M;H29KP$OB=-7C 4=&[_3]=LG^Q/S=_8O\!YQOL+_\_4$L#!!0    ( 
-B_5$;+NM=ONY,[=!O;S:E42%I+9O[HL# HLDQB @HPU.'_]




0I)
SN+U




M=U&0_S4
HM]_XO]X\BB9
(0B^M
K#?[V1873S]]\%2?+]Q^^_OKD_?^]N7[P


]V].G
HZO+
M
'IL9?7].&-+:[2\BT.&,-&+VZB7_D9_E\1,8NF&[P5,)9\YXKJQJFCZ
M&]E5]$)HRON^BFZ(ESYY83A[HH3R,]AUZ.M&:7O;\3W)&1S9LYF<[IY3+R(

GQ^(


1+O2^[)QS8



JZ!
.


=HM 7T-JS3,
MS/7V/VWW1F.ZLYOT87?DFMT#J-N']WP\R[4I5EW[LV_9-N7$M!]KEN\.TP5

BY_MXXX7IYH;1KK-U::HXW=PE


'K5B)\K/DUV

MCC^


/^<&\[?^:L@W*G1(HG7
MIJ(LQ19K&*E*EPWAZ!<Y3?W\(K-FM?_)AL5!JVF0!!.\*$@X=H%#%L^'EFW
M8NG76P%_@&3T$4\NI3U'4FF'$PY[F):J$WF@*E_PU&Z0NY=@'#E(UFSD=T


M]A0@8D!7?P_!*'&9-@LLDS\*D*

HP]T:U_-^I:


M[!=6G1#BFD




! (18SA$SK:\9R^8EP45M--!TMR98]X$!6K.- X
MS\@EXVV6KDA221-F9Q
M

SCF-*
M;?






20K'#:M

MD!W%9G&8&:HMA




@7=
M?WA7G7IR79Y##U%GUE#/KCT#IUGZ*0I



^9[

MD7+[9G:T8C.X9ELV 

!)!4COW&YA



YKUQXT



MK!G^0$'@.)[]2H+EBHUJ^L(.(DMRF_%DI]DB'W@E. \

+%A

 FB2?4;_SHIOC+YLOP.




ML/




BW\
?%^$]38JN4
S)'6=&4U% Y?:$
MR@=TE\3\DCH_W7RB9'X5[:K^3OV475_3 %*YOTM?:!)%7V#[T=18;C9&SW

&CA]X




&+NA(KC-IY'HLY-CIL
;0MTY ]135
M5% TCVT8Z( F0#K#/^KON82&(,HIH-A;BUJR@+TVLGHN%?6JMLX)5L[*6PM


;*C6;/SV$N


MC])@$?#GZN[8 =P/GKWPU NW

M^






4RQ W




DWY-T%


MKA@_+OV./7ZH?!^E@3I9KI,)';6+YMZ3HCS^TKVPXF^QY&Q:\IOD30L(4_


MT9PM*=R-3B)I0
A)*RDTD-^=ZKWX7+7D')FE!YGUHW3;1(P4M&:=:/XZG=

SI
6C54-+RCF2V0$&-EJ/&'5FP$

M[:H20=]F10


.T4E


M(^P 'B^C@(O6X :B)04;#M!@)8'#OBX?LT6_$%@ Z.!@@8*&93CTX.):
MSO-81KI]^!4


M!:=6*7WZ9QE5?Z7


EBRR\#E[*



BM746F[




M
N./1VX9X.(/R_'3RS@IGY2

M


M]

:]C\V
Q-R.RY+'%[NO8B*NI3=
S


2QTWA
!A%):M=*_2*H('*]








M



C8$[8^#.&+@S!NZ
@3MCX
Y8YP#1Q7VL

I^^D
1;DMI#L3)K
MU_''X7KNZ:WAC@334KB!5D'N[$4H[_D5P1EJ]*%N#-
!N%[3[#MVND'R!HHK
MBFHEPEY::3U?+:ESB.M5%6EZMO[F#R!U6C6:J89?O



M7R^4)4O45*[CJ'M?*]Y2)1/^RD7QX-Y5=$.\]
D+P]D3)93R#X0^R'KQL?5V
M^[[;21!-MAU/=CW_V^3Z^@R9
6

K6
M^@M3#UUC\

/
AJB-UC'H ED#GS$01
0I3MC_UC&27E 4$=8=.UO0&AV91%'


M8-=%+#CF5;$.-%5J]CDB5T%SYUU: +UU9U\#PS%@N2I+)[DIO^[[PDW3PF
M7D2]7TIS%YZTK27EMU-\OXFU0Z1&4EE?.MMH'I*#%:S09HXH:
%DQDUS#$

R?/JXIFF
M)(@N^1L74@

Z7X*G^'[M3V$I)!PFMQA&-#OHZC):^T


$81X'




1B*6OI.O8BT<<?/\=*7 !TKJ^0/4 #E@Z.
M6TQQ!+[T_ 



-
M!;

M)4&TY'5ZSE@#[I_Y._&DU0$[=86_0$1WWJPB-XM(&JS)=@&YK#XXTEQ=/CW'
M$;\6\64FEEDU);!:^ [^@A.6&

MWX'JKP12C$#$W_( RSC7=

R%8FM)=CZB-$N#+]]<.A5:8D)NASP46



^#B8K!

3FFT'$^DD9Q0C$
7
M#?R[HO(0%)

MNL7R&08D*
+T5/[Z

MLHN DL%QEA^?SAR?SD1F@1O0TYG;J?Z?01CRST4DH;KZLAH:UPL@[%%-$.
X

^7-

M


M+I)2#A0\L#4FS.XH@&3'JY+(O7.LA\9CSI(-T
)RVDDWPL70*G;
#S\D$&

B]FJV2
\(#=!@'5<.[YHG:0O%RG%%R6G2.HJ-')@*N44
M+K








@5JP&+
M@A


















(






M
1QY46EQ*;+94*6#)[Z.CS+
M4IIZ$0]UMZ#CO8P*JM7NS808T

M&U9;90V*K_'E8OO3+8?0O&R\A +L'+-/=4K]ZEDR:[H:F&&TZPW_7[*=0HS
MK L+1%WO@(^%V;OU$M2)-?  \13.1W8UD#!IUSG81]% Z4B'C60BR?/W*%7

M0ZD.?.ED?


MM(I5U

[3-K&J&'FNY-1Z5Z]0!-\MK1_#PI_K[
Y[6NCSD_!Z?HXL$AWIB7VRMEPPR'L&PG#Y'!.6M[_M%T567JM@<

MV[7QP=8L 2;38IDEUH;KO;5D::)9;S?VC0QM.\85@BPN^
/JHJ5Z^/10?6M


M+\:*8?U['L=
N1AC+L8;SL4PNN3(TW_+L4GR?Z_C





F&[NV<!GT2U)'[R0R



M*9Q[0;M*O



MS

X^N^ F
W;_CR/-]?A#CB$[#

N-5H\LHLC*Q


1
M

8D?P\L!]MAU$7Z:Y#
V?=YVF:Z@N
@
MIG




/'/8E

M1LL08G_!69;PN7FPVV#7#W 9L;6*]&%2ZB8ZE_[5HZK




MPS^-_APO1


ME20;79%#27/7M@J=CC4P43*-PVN13WQVEKUFGPC_*TL.@]\+DX=0EIUV=U

' L@GM#2DSI&;OM;Q9Q


_&!K WTUJ
4.B
DCYX(!RJWZU



M]#KPGH*0/[CO G]:'P3JEZ$ME_-FQ??G7RY__)?QFN0K5U[AS/[X8S]=Y 

AG\X

YT+YT/



MG%]&


V&GFWV3LL+9E(<WS9[S2\'/!9=1P9LFILC*QYS/2Z/'1NV(

M             ( !     &UM;6(M
C Q-C Q


38P
3
Q7V1E
M9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #
@I5(7-!*ZOEP  #!BP8 %0
M@ &/+P$ ;6UM8BTR
#$V
#$S

M^-?L1@  UP
% !4              ( !NZ ! &UM;6(M
C Q-C Q

:+GAM;%!+!08     !@ & (H!  #:YP$    !
end



