

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-009285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210420
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		21839130
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the year ended January 31
 2021



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
File
    Number)
    
Identification
    Number)


25
Branca Road
East
Rutherford
 NJ 07073
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)


(Former
name or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



Title
    of Each Class
    
Trading
    Symbol
    
Name
    of Each Exchange on which registered

Common
    Stock
 par value $0.00001
    
    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;[X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    
Emerging
    Growth Company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    
    




filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. [ ]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 31
 2020
 based on
a closing price of $1.56 was approximately $14
922
636.

As
of April 19
 2021
 the registrant had 35
608
474 shares of its common stock
 0.00001 par value per share
 issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.





    
    


Table
of Contents



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules
    

    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

Included
in this Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward- looking statements
as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Forward-looking statements
include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure
you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these
forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events or otherwise.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Our
History

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Mascot Properties
 Inc.&rsquo;s
(&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;) activities since its inception consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
 primarily related
to student housing
 and services which included general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination for residents. Mascot
did not have any significant development of such business and did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack of results in its attempt to
implement its original business plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders to look for other potential
business opportunities.

On
February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey in order
to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;)
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain options to purchase an additional
223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased
to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.

On
January 24
 2013
 Mascot
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Merger
Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama&rsquo;s
 with Mama&rsquo;s surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place on January 24
 2013 (the
&ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). Mascot acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding capital stock of Mama&rsquo;s
in exchange for issuing Mama&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
 pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Merger
 the Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of Mascot.
Immediately following the Closing of the Agreement
 Mascot changed its business plan to that of Mama&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 Mascot
received notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 Mascot began trading under its new name
 &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc.&rdquo; (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and under its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


    
    


On
November 1
 2017
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 a New Jersey corporation (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;)
 and MMMB
Acquisition
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 completed a merger
transaction whereby JEFE merged with and into Merger Sub
 with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and in connection with the merger
 the Company acquired all assets of
JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment of the Inter-Company Loan between the parties
 (b) the assumption
by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses (c) assumption by the Company of certain third-party loans to JEFE totaling
approximately $782
000 and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect to his collateralization of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount
of approximately $250
000. As a result of the transaction
 (i) the Company became the sole shareholder of JEFE
 which became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company

Our
Company

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini emigrated from Bari
 Italy to Bay Ridge
Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old-world Italian recipes that were handed down to her grandson
 Dan Dougherty.
Today we market a line of all-natural specialty prepared
 frozen and refrigerated foods for sale in retailers around the country. Our
primary products include beef and turkey meatballs
 meat loaf
 chicken
 sausage-related products and pasta entrees
 all with slow cooked
Italian Sauce.

Our
products are all natural
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo;
Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic colors and preservatives that
are used in many conventional packaged foods.

The
United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and
approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling Policy Book (2003)
requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo; Label claim that &ldquo;explains
what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains no artificial ingredients and is only
minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or poultry label if the product does not contain
any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
 or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label
claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural label.

Additionally
the Company has recently commenced marketing of certain &ldquo;meatless&rdquo; versions of its product line under a Trademark Licensing
Agreement with Beyond Meat
 Inc.

Our
products are principally sold to supermarkets and mass-market retailers. We currently have 29 different product offerings which
are packaged in different sized retail and bulk packages. Our products are principally sold in multiple sections of the supermarket
including hot bars
 salad bars
 prepared foods (meals)
 sandwich
 as well as cold deli and foods-to-go sections. Our products are also
sold in the frozen food and fresh meat sections. We sell directly to both food retailers and food distributors.

Finally
we also sell our products on QVC through live on-air offerings
 auto ship programs and for everyday purchases on their web site. QVC
is the world&rsquo;s largest direct to consumer marketer.

During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 41% and 13%
of gross sales. During the year ended January 31
 2021
 these two customers represented approximately 23% and 14%
of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2020
 the company earned revenues from three
customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2020
 three customers represented approximately
34%
 16% and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.

The
Company continually reviews its accounts in order to focus on maximum performance
 and as a result periodically eliminates under-performing
accounts.

Industry
Overview

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic Italian and are made with
high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 including frozen
 deli-
prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment of the meat department.


    
    


Our
Strengths

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brand:



    
    
Authentic
    recipes and great taste. 
    believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current customers and will
    help us attract new customers. Additionally
 we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding the great taste and
    quality of our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
    and convenient. 
 including domestic inspected beef
 whole Italian
    tomatoes
 genuine imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs
 natural breadcrumbs
 olive oil and other herbs and spices. Our products are
    also simple to prepare. Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 thereby providing quick and easy meal
    solutions for our customers. By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging
 our meatballs can be prepared quickly
    and easily.

    
    
    

    
    
Great
    value. 
    Typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages ranges from $4.99 to $7.99
 and $5.99 to $9.99 for bulk products sold in delis or hot bars.
    We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent a great value for the price.

    
    
    

    
    
New
    products and innovation
 we have continued to introduce new and innovative products. While we pride on ourselves
    on our traditional beef and turkey meatballs and meat loaf
 we have continuously made efforts to grow and diversify our line of products
    while maintaining our high standards for all natural
 healthy ingredients and great taste.






    
    
Strong
    consumer loyalty. 
    products made with all-natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website and/or social media
    channels. We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired enthusiasm for our brand.
    We also believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases and new consumers trying our
    products.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
    leadership. 
 Carl Wolf
 has
    been with us since inception and has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of food companies. Mr. Wolf was
    the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company engaged in the development
    marketing and distribution of cheese
 deli meats and other specialty food products
 which was sold to Land O&rsquo;Lakes
 Inc. In
    addition
 the other members of our board of directors also have significant experience in the food industry.


Our
Growth Strategy

We
are actively executing a strategy to build our brand&rsquo;s reputation
 grow sales and improve our product and operating margins by
pursuing the following growth initiatives:



    
    
Increase
    product placements in the perimeter within retail locations
    retail locations. We believe adding shelf placements within the supermarkets that carry our products will increase customer awareness
    leading to more consumers purchasing our products and expanding our market share.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Sales in &ldquo;Fresh&rdquo; Section
 where
    there is significant sales growth and higher margins
 over products in the &ldquo;Frozen&rdquo; section which are showing zero to
    negative growth.



    
    




    
    
Increase
    retail locations
    grocery and mass merchandiser channels.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Overall Sales
    Dan Dougherty
 Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Matthew Brown
 our President
 each of whom is involved with
    selling to
 and managing sales with
 major supermarket chains. In addition
 the Company has contracted with an independent consultant
    to manage sales opportunities in the food service area as well as an independent person to solicit sales in colleges and universities
    and independent delicatessens
 

    
    
    

    
    
Expand
    food brokerage network
    our geographical coverage in the United States to approximately 90%.

    
    
    

    
    
Enhance
    awareness through marketing
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 and YouTube. We also
    engage with consumers through newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and special projects
 including a bank of recipe videos and contests and
    giveaways. Targeted consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in rebates
 product demonstrations
    and co-op retail advertising will continue into the future in order to increase sales and generate new customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Adding
    new products
    to continue to introduce new products in both existing and new product lines that appeal to a wide range of consumers.

    
    
    

    
    
Maintain
    a Strong Relationship with QVC
    offerings offered through QVC.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Media Exposure

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Club
    Stores&rdquo;.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company is actively pursuing sales to Canada through a designated agent who is handling all necessary compliance issues.




Our
pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic
premium prepared food category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than those in
the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility as we grow our product line through
the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages range from $4.99 to $7.99
 and $5.99 to $9.99 per
pound for prepared food products sold to delis or hot bars. Increases in raw materials costs
 among other factors
 may lead to us consider
price increases in the future.



As
of January 31
 2021
 approximately 70% of our products are internally produced by the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;). Approximately 10% are manufactured on an outsourced basis. None of our raw
materials or ingredients are directly grown or produced by us. From time-to-time we negotiate with other manufacturers to supplement
the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing capability. We currently purchase modest quantities from other manufacturers. All of the raw materials
and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable by our suppliers. We have not experienced any material
shortages of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations and do not anticipate such shortages in the foreseeable future.


    
    




Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their own
warehouses or to large food distributors.

The
Company increased its sales management efforts with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting business with almost every
major retail supermarket chain in the country. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are currently sold nationwide
 with its greatest concentration
in the Northeast and Southeast. In April 2019
 the Company initiated a major sales effort into the food service
 convenience store
 export
and special projects areas.



The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings and demonstrations
in-store merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special merchandising events with
retailers and consumer advertising.

Based
on the Company&rsquo;s metrics for determining brand awareness
 which includes market studies and analysis of consumer recognition of
the MamaMancini&rsquo;s brand
 the Company believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini&rsquo;s has grown in the past 12 months.

Investments
- Meatball Obsession

During
2011 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment
is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&rsquo;s
equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses
incurred by MO. The Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the
Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO was 12% and 12%
 respectively. One of our directors
 Steven Burns
 serves as the Chairman of
the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession. As of December 31
 2019
 MO had wound down and ceased operations. Major accounts were transitioned
to MamaMancini&rsquo;s as a part of the wind down.



The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged and frozen food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine from
all over the world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that our competition
is much more limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche market
 there can be no
assurances that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. We believe our principal competitors include
Quaker Maid
 Hormel
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
 Farm Rich
 Inc.
 Mama Lucia
 Buona Vita
 Inc.
 Taylor Farms and Kings
Command.

Intellectual
Property

Our
current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and four trademarks for &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
&ldquo;Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Sunday Dinner&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Meatball Lovers Meatball&rdquo;. The recipes and use of
the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company.

We
rely on a combination of trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use
technical measures to protect our proprietary rights.


    
    


Royalty
Agreement

In
accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January 1
2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother&rsquo;s recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50-year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25-year extension option
to use and commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License Agreement
 Mr. Dougherty shall develop a
line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution
and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Mr. Dougherty shall work with
us to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by us
 Mr. Dougherty&rsquo;s trade secret
recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products shall be subject to the Development
and License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License Agreement
 we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty fee on net sales.

USDA
approval / Regulations

Our
food products
 which are manufactured both in our own manufacturing facilities and in third-party facilities
 are subject to various
federal
 state and local regulations and inspection
 and to extensive regulations and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
 packaging
and labeling. In order to distribute and sell our products outside the State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing facilities
must meet the standards promulgated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our manufacturing processing facilities
and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety
Modernization Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to
enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities in which our products
are manufactured are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA.

We
are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program
governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA
regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing practices&rdquo; regulations
or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; as a product that
contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products
were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change their existing recipes to include ingredients that do
not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results of operations could be adversely affected.

The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto
 although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and state
laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of
doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.

Quality
Assurance

We
take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of our manufacturing
facilities
 we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging and product specifications
and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 both our own manufacturing facilities and each of our contract manufacturers are
required to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards.

Our
manufacturing facility is certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety and quality management
protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously.
Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service complies with applicable regulations
and standards.

We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
or quality assurance specification packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required. The
quality assurance staff within our manufacturing facility and within our contract manufacturers conduct periodic on-site routine audits
of critical ingredient suppliers.


    
    


Where
You Can Find More Information

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) at
the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains
reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. Notwithstanding
 in addition to risk factors highlighted
in previous reports
 the Company adds the following additional risk factor:

We
could be substantially affected by the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic

In
December 2019
 an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan
 China
 and has since spread to a number of
other countries
 including the United States. On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic.
In addition
 as of the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 several states in the United States have declared states
of emergency
 and several countries around the world
 including the United States
 have taken steps to restrict travel. While all of
our operations are located in the United States
 we participate in a national supply chain
 and the existence of a worldwide pandemic
the fear associated with COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
 and the reactions of governments around the world in response to COVID-19
 or any
pandemic
 to regulate the flow of labor and products and impede the travel of personnel
 may impact our ability to conduct normal business
operations
 which could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Disruptions to our supply chain and business operations
or to our suppliers&rsquo; or customers&rsquo; supply chains and business operations
 could include disruptions from the closure of supplier
and manufacturer facilities
 interruptions in the supply of raw materials and components
 personnel absences
 or restrictions on the
shipment of our or our suppliers&rsquo; or customers&rsquo; products
 any of which could have adverse ripple effects on our manufacturing
output and delivery schedule. If we need to close any of our facilities or a critical number of our employees become too ill to work
our production ability could be materially adversely affected in a rapid manner. Similarly
 if our customers experience adverse business
consequences due to COVID-19
 or any other
 pandemic
 demand for our products could also be materially adversely affected in a rapid
manner. Global health concerns
 such as COVID-19
 could also result in social
 economic
 and labor instability in the countries and localities
in which we or our suppliers and customers operate. Any of these uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
financial condition or results of operations.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently lease 24
213 square feet of space located
in East Rutherford
 NJ from Joseph Branca Partnership
 Ltd for a current rental of $17
454 per month. The lease term runs through
March 31
 2024 with renewal options through March 31
 2029. In addition
 we lease an additional 1
077 square feet of space at 355 Murray
Hill Parkway from CLN Associates
 LLC for a current rental of $1
817 per month.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s or our Company&rsquo;s
subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; The following table sets forth (i) the intra-day
high and low sales price per share for our common stock
 as reported on the OTCQB
 for the fiscal years ended January 31
 2021 and January
31
 2020. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.




 2021
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Fiscal
    Year Ended January 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    

First
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Second
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Third
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
market price of our common stock
 like that of other early stage companies
 is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations in response
to variations in operating results
 announcements of new products
 or other events or factors. Our stock price may also be affected by
broader market trends unrelated to our performance.

(b)
Holders

As
of April 9
 2021
 there were approximately 103 record holders of our common stock and there were 35
608
474 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers
or other nominees. Please see SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT for information related to the holdings
of certain beneficial owners and management of the Company.

(c)
Dividends

Preferred
Stock
payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. All outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock automatically converted to Company Common Stock on July 27
 2017 and no shares of Preferred Stock are currently issued and outstanding.

Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. We have not paid
any cash dividends to the holders of our Common Stock and it is not our present intention to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock
in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more information
on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June
5
 2013.


    
    


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Below
is a list of securities sold by us from February 1
 2020 through January 31
 2021 which were not registered under the Securities Act.

Common
Stock

The
Company issued an aggregate of 3
612
490 shares during this period
 3
588
490 of which were the result of the exercise
of outstanding warrants and 24
000 which resulted from the exercise of stock options.

The
securities issued in the abovementioned transactions were issued in connection with a Consulting Agreement and were exempt from the registration
requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 pursuant to the terms of Section 4(2) of that Act.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT
RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER
FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE
RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE RISKS AND OTHER
FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED
ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

Results
of Operations for the Year ended January 31
 2021 and 2020

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the year ended January 31
 2021 and 2020:




    
    

    

 2021
January 31
 2020

    
40
758
605
33
750
465

    
12
739
309
9
984
328

    
(9
261
461
(7
786
278

    
(155
615
(550
730

    
744
973
    

    
4
067
206
1
532
694




 2021 and 2020
the Company reported a net income of $4
067
206 and $1
532
694
 respectively. The change in net income between the year ended January
31
 2021 and 2020 was primarily attributable an increase in sales of 21% and increased gross profit margins (31% of sales as discussed
below) in addition to a decrease in interest expense and a small decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of sales (23%
of sales
 a 0.3% decrease from the prior year
 as discussed below). During the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company also recorded
an income tax benefit of $744
973 which significantly increased its net income compared to $0 for the year ended January 31 
 2020.

Sales
 net of slotting fees and discounts
increased by approximately 21% to $40
758
605 during the year ended January 31
 2021
 from $33
570
465 during the year ended January 31
2020. In addition
 during the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company was able to increase its sales through new customers as well as
its existing customer base. COVID-19 had the effect of
 consumer hoarding of food and increasing inventory build at retailers in the first
quarter of the year but slowed new placements in the third quarter. The Company expects new placements to revert back to normal levels
in the second and third quarter of the fiscal year ended January 31
 2022.



    
    


The gross profit margin was 31%
for the year ended January 31
 2021 compared to 30% for the year ended January 31
 2020. Gross margins increased as a percentage of sales
due to increased plant efficiencies and process improvements offset by short term higher beef raw material prices in the Spring and Summer.



 Operating expenses increased
by 17% during the year ended January 31
 2021
 as compared to the year ended January 31
 2020. Operating expenses remained consistent
as a percentage of sales of 23% in 2020 and 2021. The $1
360
556 increase in total operating expenses is primarily attributable to the
following increases in operating expenses:




    
Postage
    and freight of $484
762 due to increased sales and change of customer mix;

    
    

    
Commission
    expense of $331
182 due to increased sales;

    
    

    
Payroll
    and related expenses of $164
824 due to the addition of a Senior Executive in February 2020;

    
    

    
Royalty
    expenses of $76
261 due to the increase in sales; and

    
    

    
Professional
    fees of $63
518 due to an increase in investor relations and investment banking activities.


These
expense increases were offset by decreases in the following as well as minimal decreases in other expense categories:



    
Trade
    show and travel expenses of $98
882 due to reduced need for travel and the elimination of in person trade shows due to COVID-19;
    and

    
    

    
Director
    fees decreased by $59
456 due to a decrease in one director in February who joined the Company as a Senior Executive.


Other
Expense: 
115 to $155
615 for the year ended January 31
 2021 as compared to $550
730 during
the year ended January 31
 2020. For year ended January 31
 2021
 other expenses consisted of $137
751 in interest expense incurred on
the Company&rsquo;s financing arrangements. In addition
 the Company recorded $17
864 of amortization expense related to the debt discount.
For year ended January 31
 2020
 other expenses consisted of $482
995 in interest expense incurred on the Company&rsquo;s financing arrangements.
In addition
 the Company recorded $67
735 of amortization expense related to the debt discount.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at January 31
 2021 compared to January 31
 2020:



    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    
    
    
    

Current
    Assets
    
    
8
879
451
    
    
    
5
620
255
    
    
    
3
259
196
    

Current
    Liabilities
    
    
4
045
349
    
    
    
4
208
231
    
    
    
162
882
    

Working
    Capital
    
    
4
834
102
    
    
    
1
412
024
    
    
    
3
422
078
    


As
of January 31
 2021
 we had working capital of $4
834
102 as compared to a working capital of $1
412
024 as of January 31
 2020
 an increase
of $3
422
In addition to the increase in sales and net income
 the increase in working capital is
primarily attributable to an increase in cash of $2
796
877
 an increase in receivables of $245
906
 an increase in prepaid expenses
of $267
619
 and a net decrease of $317
203 in the current portion of lease and debt obligations. These amounts were offset by a decrease
in inventories of $51
206 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses $154
321.



    
    


Net
cash provided by operating activities for the year ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 was $3
698
540 and $1
814
689
 respectively.
The net income for the year ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 was $4
067
206 and $1
532
694
 respectively.

Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended January 31
 2021 was $451
940 as compared to $268
106 for the year ended
January 31
 2020
 respectively
 to acquire new machinery and equipment and leasehold improvements. Our capital expenditures are attributed
to a Plant Expansion Project in progress since mid-2017 to expand plant capacity and efficiency to meet growing demand. During the year
ended January 31
 2021
 the Company also paid $32
567 for the acquisition of intangibles.

Net
cash used in all financing activities for the year ended January 31
 2021 was $449
723 as compared to $1
762
399 for the year ended January
31
 2020. During the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company received proceeds of $330
505 from the Paycheck Protection Program promissory
note and net proceeds of $3
787
582 from the exercise of options and warrants. These cash in-flows were offset by payments on its line
of credit of $2
997
348
 payments on its term loan of $441
663
 payments of $641
844 on the related party loans and $156
450 paid for
finance lease payments. The Company returned the $330
505 received from the Paycheck Protection Program in May 2020. During the
year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company made net borrowings on the line of credit of $385
314. These cash in-flows were offset by net
payments of term loan of $2
058
337 and $89
376 paid for capital lease payments.

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has net income and net cash provided by operations of $4
067
206
and $3
698
540
 respectively
 for the year ended January 31
 2021.

Although
the expected revenue growth and control of expenses lead management to believe that it is probable that the Company&rsquo;s cash resources
will be sufficient to meet its cash requirements through the fiscal year ending January 31
 2022 based on current and projected levels
of operations
 the Company may require additional funding to finance growth and achieve its strategic objectives. If such financing is
required
 there can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all. In the
event funding is not available on reasonable terms
 the Company might be required to change its growth strategy and/or seek funding on
an alternative basis
 but there is no guarantee it will be able to do so. Because of the rapidly changing environment in response to
COVID-19
 the current expectations of the Company may be altered as conditions change.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16


of assets other than inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The
adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&rdquo;.
statements by facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&rsquo;s
financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures
about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant
impact on the Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2019
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) ASU
2018-15
.
The amendments in this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is
a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The
Company adopted this guidance on February 1
Since
the adoption of ASU 2018-15 on February 1
 2020
 the Company evaluates upfront costs including implementation
 set-up or other costs
(collectively
 implementation costs) for hosting arrangements under the internal-use software framework. Costs related to preliminary
project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred
 whereas costs incurred in the development stage are generally
capitalized. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the hosting arrangement
which includes consideration of the non-cancellable contractual term and reasonably certain renewals.



    
    


In
December 2019
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12

Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance
is effective for annual periods after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements.

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions
 judgments and subjective interpretations
of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also
affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding contingencies
 risk and financial
condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently and conservatively
applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant
estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. While all these significant accounting
policies impact our financial condition and results of operations
 we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined
to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management to use a greater
degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given current facts and
circumstances
 it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause effect on our consolidated
results of operations
 financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report.

We
believe the following critical accounting policies and procedures
 among others
 affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such
estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value
of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results
could differ significantly from our estimates.



    
    




In
February 2016
 (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase
transparency and comparability by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&rsquo;s leasing
activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter the collection
of lease guidance is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks to achieve this objective by requiring reporting entities to
recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.

On
February 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;)
asset and liability in the consolidated balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse
space. Results for the year ended January 31
 2020 are presented under ASC 842
 while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue
to be reported in accordance with the legacy accounting guidance under ASC Topic 840
 

As
part of the adoption the Company elected the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
 which
among other things
 allowed the Company to:



    
    
Not
    separate non-lease components from lease components and instead to account for each separate lease component and the non-lease components
    associated with that lease component as a single lease component.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    to apply the recognition requirements in ASC 842 to short-term leases.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    record a right of use asset or right of use liability for leases with an asset or liability balance that would be considered immaterial.


Revenue
Recognition

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements under Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC.
The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Under the new guidance
 an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2)
identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new
guidance will significantly enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital
markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is
recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12

and Practical Expedients
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract
modifications at transition
 completed contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance
in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017
 the FASB issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation guidance.

The
Company adopted this guidance and related amendments as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition
method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely
aligned with the Company&rsquo;s current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on
the consolidated financial statements. In addition
 the adoption of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported financial statements
in any prior period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.

The
Company&rsquo;s sales predominantly are generated from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance obligation
and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods
are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive
in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue
guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities
 and the related costs are recorded
as selling expenses in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.



    
    


Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718


defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation
cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair
value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued
to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable
value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the
termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued to placement
agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.

When
computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
The
    risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option
    in effect at the time of the grant.

    
    

    
The
    Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock
    in the foreseeable future.

    
    

    
The
    expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting
    Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110.

    
    

    
The
    term is the life of the grant.

    
    

    
The
    expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

    
    

    
The
    forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&rsquo;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.




Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements:

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
 also
known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo; (SPEs).

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.



    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements appear at the end of this Annual Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31
 2021.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s
rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal
executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies
and procedures that:



    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
    of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
    generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with
    authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2021
 based on the
framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

As
of period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective.


    
    


(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING



control over financial reporting through the date of this report that materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. In February 2020
 the
Company appointed Steven Burns as Executive Vice President in order to address certain material weaknesses identified in prior
Annual reports.

Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of April 23
 2020.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
Executive
    Vice President and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Patrick
    Connor Haley
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Michael
    Stengel
    
    
    
    


Carl
Wolf 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Mr. Wolf was the
founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a NASDAQ-listed public company with over
$125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy component
resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
 a publicly
traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity firm. Mr. Wolf
served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to Nonnis
 the largest
biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit and Development
committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publicly-traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Wolf also
served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay
 which was a NASDAQ listed public company. Media Bay was a direct seller of spoken word
through its audio book club and old-time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from 2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University (Henry Rutgers Scholar) and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh
(with honors).

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board
we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
 his knowledge
of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown 
the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served as the President of
Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day-to-day operations of their food manufacturing business. He previously worked as a
marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous aspects of the company&rsquo;s
marketing of their food products.



    
    


Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board
we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

 has been Chief
Financial Officer of the Company since April 1
 2018. He has been previously employed as Controller for Emerging Power
 Inc. from
July 7
 2016 through January 12
 2018. He was also employed by Elaut USA
 Inc. from April 4
 2013 through July 3
 2016. He was
controller of Mama Mia Produce from March 2010 to April 2013. Mr. Morgenstein was Corporate Controller &amp; VP of Finance. Mr.
Morgenstein holds a BS in Economics from Rider University in 1972. He further holds an MBA from Rutgers University GSB in 1976.


Steven
Burns 
MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present
 and joined the company as Executive Vice President on February 1
 2020. Additionally
beginning in 2006 leads PointProspect which oversees investments and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality
and healthy food services
 and healthcare technology. Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at
Accenture where he led the U.S. Health Insurance Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various
financial committees and boards of directors throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board
we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing companies
and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino 
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in March 2001
and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New York / New
Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February 2001 as Vice- President
of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from February 1987 until August 1995
he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket Enterprises.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Patrick
Connor Haley
 LLC
 an investment manager based in Fort Worth
Texas. Previously
 he was a consumer and technology focused Analyst at Scopia Capital Management LP. Mr. Haley has been recognized in
numerous circles as an emerging thought leader in the small and micro-cap space and is currently a top-ranked member on microcapclub.com.
Mr. Haley is a frequent panelist at small and micro-cap conferences
 including the LD Micro and Planet Microcap Showcase
 and has been
interviewed in a number of publications and podcasts for his views on the small and micro-cap market.

Mr.
Haley received an A.B. in Government
 magna cum laude
 from Harvard College.

In
evaluating Connor Haley&rsquo;s credentials for appointment to our Board
 we took into account his direct experience in technical analysis
of small public companies and advising them through strategic growth initiatives
 and the navigation of business strategies in the best
interest of maximizing shareholder value.

Dean
Janeway 
leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational oversight and financial
management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the largest retailer- owned cooperative
in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions of increasing responsibility including positions
in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions. From 1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight
for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement
in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of &ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s
financial and treasury functions
 human resources
 labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
corporate social responsibility
 sustainability initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the
National Grocers Association from 1993 through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation
for the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.



    
    


Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and leadership
experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of whole sale wholesale
distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and his proven track record of
success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Michael
Stengel
 bringing over 40 years of executive leadership experience with Marriott International
to the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Board of Directors. At Marriott
 he was instrumental to the Company&rsquo;s convention network strategy
 overseeing
135 Convention venues including the Gaylord Brand. Michael
 as Senior Vice President of Gaylord Hotels and The Convention Resort Network
(CRN) at Marriott
 oversaw significant food and beverage operations within his portfolio of managed hotels and being responsible for
well over $1.5 billion in revenue. Mr. Stengel has had direct responsibility for P&amp;L operations for numerous enterprises and is completely
familiar with financial management of public companies.

Mr.
Stengel has received a B.S. Law and Justice from Rowan University
 a Cornell University Hospitality Certificate
 and an executive MBA
with Marriott sponsor by the University of Maryland.

The
Board determined that Mr. Stengel&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his multi-faceted financial responsibility and
experience in the food and hospitality business and his success in building organizations into large-scale
 highly profitable operations.

Thomas
Toto 
has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still presently
 he
serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan
and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division President for DCI Cheese Co.
a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until September 2007 he was the President
and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day to day operations of importing and distributing cheeses
around the world.

Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our board
we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge of running
and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our Chief Operating Officer
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee&rsquo;s charter are posted on our website
 www.mamamancini&rsquo;s.com. Our board of directors
may from time to time establish other committees.

Audit
Committee

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits and financial
statements of the Company. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s primary duties and responsibilities are to:



    
    
Monitor
    the integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance
 accounting and
    legal compliance.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    the independence and performance of the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors and the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel.

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    an avenue of communication among the independent auditors
 management
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel
 and the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Appoint
    and provide oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Discuss
    the scope of the independent auditors&rsquo; examination.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the financial statements and the independent auditors&rsquo; report.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company.



    
    




    
    
Monitor
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

    
    
    

    
    
Solicit
    recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Resolve
    any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting.

    
    
    

    
    
Prepare
    the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
 as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    other related tasks as requested by the Board.


The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities
 and it has direct access
to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain
 at the Company&rsquo;s expense
special legal
 accounting
 or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties.

Our
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Toto who serves as Chairman
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Janeway and Mr. Stengel Mr. Stengel is our Audit
Committee financial expert as currently defined under applicable SEC rules.

Compensation
Committee

The
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required under the corporate
governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board
 the Chief Executive
Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee&rsquo;s actions shall generally
be related to overall considerations
 policies and strategies.

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee:



    
    
Review
    the competitiveness of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation programs to ensure (a) the attraction and retention of corporate
    officers
 (b) the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (c) the alignment of the
    interests of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and determine the annual salary
 bonus
 stock options
 other equity-based incentives
 and other benefits
 direct and indirect
 of
    the Company&rsquo;s executive officers
 including development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term incentives
    while focusing on long-term stockholder interests.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    salary increases and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and all other executive officers of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve corporate goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve benefit plans
 including equity incentive plans
 and approval of individual grants and awards.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve employment or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the
    other executive officers of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and discuss with management the Company&rsquo;s CD&amp;A and recommend to the Board that the CD&amp;A be included in the annual report
    on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.



    
    




    
    
If
    required by SEC rules
 provide a Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation to be included in the Company&rsquo;s annual
    proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the other executive officers.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual review of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes thereto to the Board when appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Plan
    for executive development and succession.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve all equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto
 subject to any stockholder approval under the listing standards
    of NASDAQ.

    
    
    

    
    
Recommend
    an appropriate method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated by stockholders to the Committee and
    as the Committee deems appropriate
 to respond to such stockholder concerns.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under the terms of any executive compensation plan
    incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    risks related to the Company&rsquo;s compensation policies and practices and review and discuss
 at least annually
 the relationship
    between the Company&rsquo;s risk management policies and practices
 corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices.


Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino who serves as Chairman
 and Mr. Dean Janeway and Mr. Toto.

Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required
under the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are qualified to become directors
of the Company
 consistent with criteria approved by the Board
 and make recommendations to the Board of nominees
 including Stockholder
Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders) to serve as a directors of the Company.
To fulfill its purpose
 the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are as follows:



    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the current composition
 size
 role
    and functions of the Board and its committees to oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner consistent
    with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and make recommendations to the Board for approval.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 director selection criteria consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines and conduct searches for prospective directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    in identifying
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 nominees
 including nominees nominated by stockholders in accordance with
    the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on the Board.



    
    




    
    
Before
    recommending an incumbent
 replacement or additional director
 review his or her qualifications
 including capability
 availability
    to serve
 conflicts of interest
 and other relevant factors.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO and make recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of directors
    to Board committees and the selection of the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the methods and execution of the annual evaluations of the Board&rsquo;s and each Board committee&rsquo;s effectiveness and support
    the annual performance evaluation process.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding director retirements
 director re-nominations and directors&rsquo; changes in circumstances
    in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding policies relating to directors&rsquo; compensation
 consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
As
    set forth herein
 monitor compliance with
 and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding
 the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines and overall corporate governance of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    the Board and the Company&rsquo;s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation of the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance
    Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Develop
    and implement continuing education programs for all directors
 including orientation and training programs for new directors.

    
    
    

    
    
Annually
    evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee&rsquo;s performance and adequacy of this Charter.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the Code of Ethics periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board
 if appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    requests from outside the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company&rsquo;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and recommend
    to the Board whether a particular waiver should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted.

    
    
    

    
    
Oversee
    Committee membership and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and recommend changes in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees
 and (ii) Committee reporting to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations annually to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding the position the Company should take with respect to any proposals submitted by stockholders
    for approval at any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Regularly
    report on Committee activities and recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    any other activities consistent with this Charter
 the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 as amended from time
    to time
 the NASDAQ company guide
 and any governing law
 as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to the Committee.


Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Janeway who serves as Chairman
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Haley and Mr. Toto.


    
    


Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled by
the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all Company
personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the Company&rsquo;s
corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics addresses
 among other
things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate opportunities and transactions
with business associates and document retention.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject
to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to any order
 judgment
or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or (iv) been found
by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated.

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of
a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial
ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of
the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 were timely.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that is adverse
to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries. No director or
executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy
petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is
the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been the subject of any
order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement
in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director or officer has been found by a court
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers paid
by us during the years ended January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020.



    
Principal
Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
($)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
003
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
003
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
617
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
617
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
211
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
211
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
191
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
191
666
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
CFO(4)
    
    
    
    
    
    
136
458
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
68
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
143
140
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
132
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
058
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
136
058
    





    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.
    
Mr
    Burns was appointed Executive Vice President of the Company in 2019

    
    
    

    
    
Mr. Morgenstein was appointed as Chief Financial Officer on April 1
 2018. Upon appointment to this position
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted
7
500 options to purchase common stock. The options had a grant date fair value of $7
083. On April 1
 2019
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted
an additional 7
500 options to purchase common stock with a grant date fair value of $4
694. On October 1
 2019
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted
an additional 7
500 options to purchase common stock with a grant date fair value of $4
058. On April 1
 2020
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted
an additional 7
500 options to purchase common stock with a grant date fair value of $7
617.



    
    


2021


STOCK
AWARDS



Name
    (a)
    
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
Options
    (#)
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
Options
    (#)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
    
Options
    (#)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
or
    Units
of
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Shares

Units
    or
    
    
    
Have
    Not
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Value
    of
    
Shares

Units
    or
    
    
    
Have
    Not
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Executive Officer(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Executive
    Vice President; Director(3)
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein(7)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
    
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Brent
    Smith(8)
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chris
    Styler(8)
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Mancini (Dougherty)(8)
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Emma
    Rosario(8)
    
    
3
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Eric
    Felice(8)
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Joe
    Smith(8)
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John
    Kaminsky(8)
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Pete
    de Pasquale(8)
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Priscilla
    Goldman(8)
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Rich
    Franco(8)
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Scott
    Shaffer(8)
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Morgenstein was appointed Chief Financial Officer on April 1
 2018

    
    

    
Non-Management
    employee

    
    

    
Shares
    vest upon a change of control of the Company



    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Accordingly
Mr. Wolf and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those directors who are
considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange receive compensation from us for
their service on our board of directors. Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Janeway are to be paid $10
000 per annum for
their service as members of the board
 payable quarterly in Company common stock.


In
April 2016
 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
of $0.39. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and originally expired 5 years from the date of grant. The exercise
period for these options have been extended for an additional two years.

In
June 2017
 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 25
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
of $1.05. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and expire 5 years from the date of grant.

In
September 2018
 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 25
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an
exercise of $0.80. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and expire 5 years from the date of grant.

In
July 2019
 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
of $0.52. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and expire 5 years from the date of grant.

There
is no formal arrangement with our board of directors for the granting of options. There is no assurance that the Company will continue
to issue options to the board of directors or on what terms such issuance would occur.

We
also reimburse all of our directors for reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings.

The
following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal years ending January 31
 2021 and 2020.



Name
    and
    Principal
    Position (a)
    
    
    
    
    
    ($)
    (b)
    
    
    
    
    (b)
    
    
Stock
    Awards
    ($)
    (b)
    
    
Option
    Awards ($)
    (b)
    
    
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
    (b)
    
    
All
    Other Compensation ($)
    (b)
    
    
    
    
    (b)
    

    
Steven
                                            Burns (1)
    
    
    
    
58
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
876
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
75
876
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino (2)
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
876
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
876
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Thomas
    Toto (3)
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
876
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
876
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Dean
    Janeway (4)
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
876
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
876
    



  
    
Mr. Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013. He became Executive Vice President of the Company in February 2020 and as of such date is no longer considered an independent director.
  
    
    
  
    
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.
  
    
    
  
    
Mr. Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.
  
    
    
  
    
Mr. Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term of 3
years. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written notice
of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment
agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2021. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Wolf receives a base salary of
$190
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive
an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s
Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments (1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination occurs prorated
as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed expenses incurred
by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Matthew
Brown

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s for
an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company
gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein.
Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2021. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Brown
receives a base salary of $186
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Brown
is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown is also entitled to receive Termination Payments
(as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with
the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments (1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination occurs prorated
as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed expenses incurred
by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Lawrence
Morgenstein


2018 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Lawrence Morgenstein as Chief Financial Officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
for an initial term of one year. Unless terminated
 Mr. Morgenstein&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year
terms. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Morgenstein receives a base salary of $125
000 per year and is eligible for a year-end bonus
of up to $25
000. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Morgenstein was initially granted
an option to acquire 7
500 shares of Company Common Stock. On October 1
 2019
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted an additional 7
500 options
to purchase common stock with a grant date fair value of $4
058. On April 1
 2020
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted an additional 7
500 options
to purchase common stock with a grant date fair value of $7
617. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Morgenstein is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete.


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock
as of April 12
 2021 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all shares
are owned directly and the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.



Name
    of Beneficial Owner(1)
    
    
    
    
Percent
    (2)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

5%
    or Greater Stockholders (other than Executive Officers and Directors)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Named
    Executive Officers and Directors
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
7
223
248
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
5
629
921
    
    
    
    
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
1
501
310
    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
1
060
242
    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
896
110
    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
441
003
    
    
    
    
    

Patrick
    Connor Haley
    
    
1
686
799
    
    
    
    
    

Michael
    Stengel
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    

All
    executive officers and directors as a group (9 persons)
    
    
18
601
965
    
    
    
    
    


*Less
than 1% 



    
    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power with
    respect to securities. In determining beneficial ownership of our Common Stock
 the number of shares shown includes shares which
    the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of debentures
 warrants and options which may be acquired within 60 days. In determining
    the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity on April 12
 2021
 (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the
    class beneficially owned by such person or entity
 including shares which the beneficial ownership may be acquire within 60 days
    of April 12
 2021 on exercise of warrants and options and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of that class
    outstanding on April 12
 2021 (35
608
474 shares of Common Stock).&nbsp;&nbsp;Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial owner
    has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. The address of each of the holders is 25 Branca Road
 East Rutherford
 NJ 07073.

    
    
    

    
    
Figures
    may not add up due to rounding of percentages.



    
    




    
    
The
    amount includes 6
170
356 shares held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf and 1
052
892 shares held directly by Mr. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is
    the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full voting control of such shares. 

    
    
    

    
    
5
401
823
    of the shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf and 228
098 shares are held by Mr. Brown. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew
    Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full voting control of such shares. 

    
    
    

    
    
Includes
    25
000 stock options which are currently exercisable.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 130
397 shares held by Steven Burns
 84
074 shares held by Milvia Burns
 Mr. Burns&rsquo; wife and 1
136
839 shares
    held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 a corporation which is wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Share total also includes options to purchase
    150
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 126
938 shares directly held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 783
304 shares held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino Revocable
    Living Trust 11/6/2009
 of which Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes an option to purchase
    150
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 679
443 held by Thomas Toto and 66
667 held by Thomas and Andrea Toto
 for which Thomas Toto is the beneficial owner.
    Share total also includes an option to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 275
109 shares held by Dean Janeway and 15
894 owned by Mary Janeway &amp; Dean Janeway Jt. Ten. Share total also
    includes an option to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock. 

    
    
    

    
    
    
Includes
shares held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP. Alta Fox GenPar
 LP serves as general partner of Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP and
may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alta Fox Equity
 LLC serves
as the general partner of Alta Fox GenPar
 LP
 which serves as general partner of Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP
 and Alta Fox Equity
LLC may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP. Alta Fox Capital Management
 LLC
acts as an investment adviser to
 and manages investment and trading accounts of Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP and may be deemed to
indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP. Mr. Haley is the Manager of Alta Fox Capital Management
LLC and may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP.
    

    
    
    

    
    

000 shares purchased by the holder in April 2021.




The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred stock
$0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Common
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At April 9
 2021
 we had 35
608
474 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide any preemptive
 subscription or
conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stockholders are not entitled to cumulative
voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.


    
    


Preferred
Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. The Company has designated 120
000
shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred stock. As of January 31
 2021
 no shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock are issued and outstanding. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shares were convertible
 at the option of the holder
 into
shares of Company Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.675 (subject to adjustment) based upon the stated value of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock.



Preferred
Stock
annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. We have not paid any cash dividends to the holders
of our Common Stock. During the fiscal year ended January 31
 2020
 no dividends were paid on the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred
Stock.

Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our present
intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our
business operations.



As
of April 9
 2021
 there are no outstanding warrants to purchase of our common shares.





 2021
 there outstanding options to
purchase 869
000 shares of Company Common Stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.39 to $1.38 per share.





 January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into
a $2.5 million five-year note with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with repayments in equal payments over 60 months. The new facility
is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&rsquo;s business assets and is further subject to various affirmative
and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded
$89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method. There was unamortized
debt discount of $0 and $17
864 as of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 respectively. The outstanding balance on the term loan was
$0 and $441
663 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively.


 January 4
 2019
 the Company has arranged
a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with a two-year expiration. On January 29
2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as well as extend the maturity date to June 30
2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&rsquo;s business assets and is further subject
to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf.
Advances under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable (which is subject to an agreed limitation
and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%) of eligible inventory (which is subject to an
agreed dollar limitation). All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity. The outstanding balance on the line of credit
was $0 and $2
997
348 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively.


 2021
 the Company
paid total interest of $78
032 to M&amp;T Bank for the above agreements


    
    


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Two
or our directors
 Thomas Toto and Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 work for World Wide Sales
 Inc. (&ldquo;World Wide Sales&rdquo;)
 a perishable
e
President of World Wide Sales. Pursuant to an informal arrangement
 the Company has agreed to pay World Wide Sales the greater of $4
000
or 3% sales commission on net sales (sales less any promotions
 credits
 allowance
 and short pay) to supermarket chains headquartered
in the New York Metropolitan area per month. To date
 World Wide Sales has never been paid in excess of $4
000 in any month.

Director
Independence

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Toto
 Janeway
 Haley and Stengel is an independent director
within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 and that each of them is also an independent director
under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition
 our board of directors has determined
that Mr. Burns is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Audit
Fees

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the fiscal
years ended January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 were $64
000 and $56
920
 respectively.

Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal year ended January
31
 2021 and January 31
 2020 were $0 and $0
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees billed for the
years ended January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2019 were $11
115 and $7
500
 respectively.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures are
    detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures do not include
    delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.


Our
Audit Committee pre-approved all services provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 20
 2021
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
Carl
    Wolf

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein

    
    
Lawrence
    Morgenstein

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



Signature
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the 
    
April
    20
 2021

Carl
    Wolf 
    
Board
    of Directors
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Brown
    
President
    Director 
    
April
    20
 2021

Matthew
    Brown 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein
    
Chief
    Financial Officer 
    
April
    20
 2021

Lewis
    Ochs 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Burns
    
Director
    
    
April
    20
 2021

Steven
    Burns 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    
Director
    
    
April
    20
 2021

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Tom Toto
    
Director
    
    
April
    20
 2021

Tom
    Toto 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Dean Janeway
    
    
    
April
    20
 2021

Dean
    Janeway 
    
    
    
    




/s/
    Patrick Connor Haley
    
    
    
April
    20
 2021

Patrick
    Connor Haley 
    
    
    
    




/s/
    Michael Stengel
    
    
    
April
    20
 2021

Michael
    Stengel 
    
    
    
    




    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
January
31
 2021



    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the Period from February 1
 2019 through January 31
 2021
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 and
the related statements of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
January 31
 2021
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended January 31
 2021
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error
or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matters

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit
matters below
 providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation
Allowance for Deferred Tax Asset

As
discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company recognizes a valuation allowance to the extent that more likely
than not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

The
Company&rsquo;s assessment of the valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset requires management to make significant assumptions related
to assessment of whether the net operating loss would be realizable in future periods and the determination whether an allowance is required.

Conclusions
on recognizing and measuring assessed valuation involves significant estimates and management judgment. Given the complexity and the
subjective nature of the allowance
 evaluating management&rsquo;s estimates relating to their determination of the allowance required
increased audit effort and a degree of auditor judgment.

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management&rsquo;s estimates of the allowance on the deferred tax asset included the following
among others:



    
    
Evaluating
    the reasonableness of key assumptions and estimates used by management in the taxable income projection in the light of its past
    performances
 existing operating capabilities
 requirements and plans; 

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluating
    the reasonableness of assumption used in the carryforward of losses and the timing of reversal taking into consideration the existing
    tax law; and 

    
    
    

    
    
Testing
    the completeness
 accuracy
 and relevance of underlying data in the projection.


Consideration
Payable to Customers

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company recognizes trade promotion and customer incentive activities
as a reduction to the transaction price under the relevant accounting for revenue recognition.

The
Company&rsquo;s assessment of the accounting for these trade promotion and customer incentive activities requires management to make
a determination as to whether the underlying services are distinct and
 if so
 whether the fees paid or payable to customers exceed the
fair value of those services. Such determinations rely on subjective judgments and consideration of the facts and circumstances surrounding
the underlying services in relation to the customer contracts.

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management&rsquo;s determination of these costs as reductions to the transaction price underlying
revenue included the following
 among others:



    
    
Obtaining
    a detailed understanding of the nature of the promotional activities
 including evaluating management&rsquo;s methodology for determining
    whether the activities met the criterion as distinct services; 

    
    
    

    
    
Testing
    underlying agreements and examining promotional displays and publications to corroborate management&rsquo;s determination
 and 

    
    
    

    
    
Testing
    the completeness
 accuracy
 and relevance of underlying data used in making the determination or estimating the fair value of the
    services.


/s/
Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A.

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2011.

Somerset
New Jersey

April 20
 2021


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets




    

 2021

 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
190
560
393
683


 net
3
973
793
3
727
887

    
1
195
211
1
246
417

    
519
887
252
268

    
8
879
451
5
620
255

    
    
    


 net
2
963
602
2
805
843

    
    
    

    
87
639
    

    
    
    


 net
1
352
483
1
490
794

    
    
    


 net
744
973
    

    
    
    

    
20
177
20
177

    
14
048
325
9
937
069

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
707
111
3
552
790

    
    
423
799

    
147
684
126
516

    
190
554
105
126

    
4
045
349
4
208
231

    
    
    

    
    
2
997
348

    
1
218
487
1
372
349

    
474
743
315
234

    
    
641
844

    
1
693
230
5
326
775

    
    
    

    
5
738
579
9
535
006

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 $0.00001 par value; 120
000 shares authorized; 23
400 issued as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 0 and 0 shares outstanding as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 19
880
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    

    
 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 35
603
731 and 31
991
241 shares issued and outstanding as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
    
    

    
20
535
793
16
695
352

    
(12
076
904
(16
144
110


 230
000 shares at cost
 respectively
(149
500
(149
500

    
8
309
746
402
063

    
14
048
325
9
937
069


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Income



    
    
For
    the Years Ended January 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(as
revised)
    

Sales-net
    of slotting fees and discounts
    
    

758

    
    
    

750

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Costs
    of sales
    
    
28
019
296
    
    
    
23
766
137
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gross
    profit
    
    
12
739
309
    
    
    
9
984
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Research
    and development
    
    
110
713
    
    
    
114
626
    

General
    and administrative
    
    

150

    
    
    

786

    

Total
    operating expenses
    
    
9
261
461
    
    
    
7
900
904
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income
    from operations
    
    
3
477
848
    
    
    
2
083
424
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(137
751
    
    
    
(482
995
    

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
    
(17
864
    
    
    
(67
735
    

Total
    other expenses
    
    
(155
615
    
    
    
(550
730
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income before income tax provision
    
    
3
322
233
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income
    tax benefit
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&ndash;
    basic
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&ndash;
    diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&ndash;
    basic
    
    
33
503
208
    
    
    
31
949
803
    

&ndash;
    diluted
    
    

016

    
    
    
34
339
256
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For
the Period from February 1
 2019 through January 31
 2021



    
    
Series
    A Preferred Stock
    
    
Common
    Stock
    
    
Treasury
    Stock
    
    
    
Paid
    In
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Equity
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    February 1
 2019 (As Revised)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;31
866
241
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;(230
000
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;(149
500
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;16
547
287
    
    
    
(17
676
804
    
    
    
(1
278
697
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
71
874
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
71
875
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
76
191
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
76
191
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
532
694
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    January 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
31
991
241
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(230
000
    
    
    
(149
500
    
    
    
16
695
352
    
    
    
(16
144
110
    
    
    
402
063
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    Options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
52
895
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
52
895
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for exercise of options
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for exercise of warrants
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
588
490
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
773
146
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
773
182
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

067

    
    
    

067

    

Balance
    January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
603
731
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(230
000
    
    
    
(149
500
    
    
    
20
535
793
    
    
    

076

    
    
    

309

    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    
For
    the Year Ended January 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income
    
    

067

    
    
    
1
532
694
    

Adjustments
    to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
663
001
    
    
    
640
246
    

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
    
17
864
    
    
    
67
735
    

Share-based
    compensation
    
    
52
895
    
    
    
93
862
    

Amortization
    of right of use assets
    
    
138
311
    
    
    
109
036
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
    
    
(245
906
    
    
    
(1
077
063
    

    
    
    
51
206
    
    
    
101
172
    

Prepaid
    expenses
    
    
(267
619
    
    
    
(42
886
    

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
    
    
99
249
    
    
    
490
858
    

Operating
    lease liability
    
    
(132
694
    
    
    
(100
965
    

Net
    Cash Provided by Operating Activities
    
    
3
698
540
    
    
    
1
814
689
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    paid for fixed assets
    
    
(419
373
    
    
    
(268
106
    

Cash
    paid for intangible assets
    
    
(32
567
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    Cash Used in Investing Activities
    
    
(451
940
    
    
    
(268
106
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Repayment
    of related party notes payable
    
    
(641
844
    
    
    
    
    

Repayments
    of term loan
    
    
(441
663
    
    
    
(2
058
337
    

Proceeds
    from promissory note
    
    
330
505
    
    
    
    
    

Repayment
    of promissory note
    
    
(330
505
    
    
    
    
    

Borrowings
    (repayments) of line of credit
 net
    
    
(2
997
348
    
    
    
385
314
    

Repayment
    of capital lease obligations
    
    
(156
450
    
    
    
(89
376
    

Proceeds
    from exercise of options
    
    
14
400
    
    
    
    
    

Proceeds
    from exercise of warrants
    
    
3
773
182
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    Cash Used in Financing Activities
    
    
(449
723
    
    
    
(1
762
399
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    Increase (Decrease) in Cash
    
    
2
796
877
    
    
    
(215
726
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    - Beginning of Period
    
    
393
683
    
    
    
609
409
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    - End of Period
    
    
3
190
560
    
    
    
393
683
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    Paid During the Period for:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income
    taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
174
735
    
    
    
548
894
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    lease liability
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
599
830
    

Finance
    lease asset additions
    
    
401
387
    
    
    
293
479
    

Common
    stock issued for services to be rendered
    
    
    
    
    
    
71
875
    

Acquisition
    of software via contract liability
    
    
55
072
    
    
    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2021

Note
1 - Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation

Nature
of Operations

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada corporation.
The Company has a year-end of January 31.

The
Company is a manufacturer and distributor of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf
 chicken parmesan
and other similar meats and sauces. In addition
 the Company continues to diversify its product line by introducing new products such
as ready to serve dinners
 single-size Pasta Bowls
 bulk deli
 packaged refrigerated and frozen products. The Company&rsquo;s products
were submitted to the United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) and approved as all natural. The USDA defines
all natural as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed.
The Company&rsquo;s customers are located throughout the United States
 with large concentrations in the Northeast and Southeast.

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
condensed consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the
reporting period(s). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such
estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value
of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results
could differ significantly from our estimates.


    
    


Risks
and Uncertainties

The
Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations
are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business
failure.

The
Company has experienced
 and in the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected
to contribute to this variability include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions
in the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility
of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.



The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2021 and 2020.

The
Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution.
The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits. At January 31
 2021
 the Company had $3
128
246 in cash balances that exceed
federally insured limits.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts
receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral
to support customer receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts
receivable
 historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based
on days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2021 and January
31
 2020
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised
of the following at January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020:



    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

Raw
    Materials
    
    
746
013
    
    
    
893
204
    

Work
    in Process
    
    
88
955
    
    
    
37
764
    

Finished
    goods
    
    
360
243
    
    
    
315
449
    

    
    
    
1
195
211
    
    
    
1
246
417
    


Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost net of depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated
useful lives.

Asset
lives for financial statement reporting of depreciation are:



Machinery
    and equipment
    
    
2-7
    years
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
    
    
3
    years
    

Leasehold
    improvements
    
    
    
    


(*)
Amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.


    
    


Upon
sale or retirement of property and equipment
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain
or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.

Intangible
Assets 


licenses and certain costs within the scope of ASC 350-40
as intangible
assets. The Company capitalized $87
639 of costs incurred in the year ended January 31
 2021 to implement cloud computing arrangements.
Acquired internal-use software licenses are amortized over the term of the arrangement on a straight-line basis to the line item within
the consolidated statements of operations that reflects the nature of the license. The Company did not record amortization for the software
license since the license has yet to be implemented as of January 31
 2021.


Additionally
the Company evaluates its accounting for fees paid in an agreement to determine whether it includes a license to internal-use software.
If the agreement includes a software license
 the Company accounts for the software license as an intangible asset. Acquired software
licenses are recognized and measured at cost
 which includes the present value of the license obligation if the license is to be paid
for over time. If the agreement does not include a software license
 the Company accounts for the arrangement as a service contract (hosting
arrangement) and hosting costs are generally expensed as incurred.



In
February 2016
 (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase
transparency and comparability by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&rsquo;s leasing
activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter the collection
of lease guidance is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks to achieve this objective by requiring reporting entities to
recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.

On
February 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;)
asset and liability in the consolidated balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse
space.

As
part of the adoption the Company elected the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
 which
among other things
 allowed the Company to:



    
    
Not
    separate non-lease components from lease components and instead to account for each separate lease component and the non-lease components
    associated with that lease component as a single lease component.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    to apply the recognition requirements in ASC 842 to short-term leases.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    record a right of use asset or right of use liability for leases with an asset or liability balance that would be considered immaterial.


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

For
purpose of this disclosure
 the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s short-term
financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Research
and Development

Research
and development is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 were $110
713
and $114
626
 respectively.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.

Revenue
Recognition

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition
requirements under Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC.
The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Under the new guidance
 an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2)
identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new
guidance will significantly enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital
markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is
recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12

and Practical Expedients
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract
modifications at transition
 completed contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance
in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017
 the FASB issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation guidance.


    
    


The
Company adopted this guidance and related amendments as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition
method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely
aligned with the Company&rsquo;s current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on
the consolidated financial statements. In addition
 the adoption of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported financial statements
in any prior period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.

The
Company&rsquo;s sales predominantly are generated from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance obligation
and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods
are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive
in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue
guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities
 and the related costs are recorded
as selling expenses in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.

The
Company promotes its products with advertising
 consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting
fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive
activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers
at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company
does not receive a distinct service in relation to the advertising
 consumer incentives and trade promotions.

Payment
terms in the Company&rsquo;s invoices are based on the billing schedule established in contracts and purchase orders with customers.
The Company recognizes the related trade receivable when the goods are shipped.

Expenses
such as slotting fees
 sales discounts
 promotions and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as
follows:




    
    

    

 2021

 2020

    
    
    

    
42
238
702
35
455
541


 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances
1
480
097
1
705
076

    
40
758
605
33
750
465


Disaggregation
of Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020:



    
    
For
    the Year Ended
    

    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

    
    
    
13
994
534
    
    
    
11
857
813
    

    
    
    
12
780
368
    
    
    
8
523
577
    

    
    
    
4
870
644
    
    
    
5
024
197
    

    
    
    
5
515
759
    
    
    
5
823
215
    

    
    
    
5
077
397
    
    
    
4
226
739
    

Total
    revenue
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    



    
    


Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales represents costs directly related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. Costs include product
development
 freight-in
 packaging
 and print production costs.



Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating
advertising expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 were $633
102 and $611
199 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718

)
 which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation.
It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for
compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair
value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued
to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable
value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the
termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.

For
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 share-based compensation amounted to $52
895 and $93
862
 respectively.

For
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following
variables:



    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
0.00
    - 0.49
    
    
    
1.52
    - 2.29
    

Expected
    life of grants
    
    
0.1
    - 5.2 years
    
    
    
3
    - 3.5 years
    

Expected
    volatility of underlying stock
    
    


    
    
    
127
    - 150
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company
uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient
historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

The
expected stock price volatility for the Company&rsquo;s stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.


    
    


Earnings
(Loss) Per Share

Earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used
to refer to either earnings or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.
Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders
(the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to
common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid)
and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations
(if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation
of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common
shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.

The
following table provides a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income attributable
to common stockholders per common share.



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income attributable to common stockholders
    
    

067

    
    
    
1
532
694
    

Effect
    of dilutive securities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Diluted
    net income
    
    

067

    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding - basic
    
    
33
503
208
    
    
    
31
949
803
    

Dilutive
    securities (a):
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A Preferred
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
397
664
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
991
789
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &ndash; diluted
    
    

016

    
    
    
34
339
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Basic
    net income per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Diluted
    net income per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(a)
    - Anti-dilutive securities excluded:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Income
Taxes

Income
taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
&rdquo;. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense
(benefit) results from the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws

 2021 and 2020
 the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $744
973 and
$0
 respectively
 which is included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company regularly evaluates the
need for a valuation allowance related to the deferred tax asset.


The
Company is no longer subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2018.

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic
 the Coronavirus Aid
&rdquo;) was signed

&rdquo;) originating between 2018 and
2020 for up to five years
 which was not previously allowed under the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act also eliminates the 80% of taxable
income limitations by allowing corporate entities to fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018
 2019 or 2020.
Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum of 50% of adjusted taxable income plus business interest income (30% limit under
the 2017 Tax Act) for 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act allows taxpayers with alternative minimum tax credits to claim a refund in 2020 for
the entire amount of the credits instead of recovering the credits through refunds over a period of years
 as originally enacted by the
2017 Tax Act.

In
addition
 the CARES Act raises the corporate charitable deduction limit to 25% of taxable income and makes qualified improvement property
generally eligible for 15-year cost-recovery and 100% bonus depreciation. The enactment of the CARES Act did not result in any material
adjustments to the income tax provision.

Related
Parties

The
Company follows subtopic ASC 850-10 for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20
 the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&ldquo;Affiliate&rdquo; means
 with respect to any
specified person
 any other person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is
under common control with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities
for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value
Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit
of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners
of the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from
fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other
to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.


    
    


Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16


of assets other than inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The
adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&rdquo;.
statements by facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&rsquo;s
financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures
about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant
impact on the Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2019
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) ASU
2018-15
.
The amendments in this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is
a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The
Company adopted this guidance on February 1
Since
the adoption of ASU 2018-15 on February 1
 2020
 the Company evaluates upfront costs including implementation
 set-up or other costs
(collectively
 implementation costs) for hosting arrangements under the internal-use software framework. Costs related to preliminary
project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred
 whereas costs incurred in the development stage are generally
capitalized. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the hosting arrangement
which includes consideration of the non-cancellable contractual term and reasonably certain renewals.

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12

Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
approach to the income tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance
is effective for annual periods after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements.

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect
on the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.

Subsequent
Events

The
Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure.
Any material events that occur between the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as
subsequent events
 while the financial statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.


    
    


Note
3 - Property and Equipment:

Property
and equipment on January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020 are as follows:



    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

Machinery
    and Equipment
    
    
3
787
321
    
    
    
3
176
638
    

Furniture
    and Fixtures
    
    
113
112
    
    
    
89
443
    

Leasehold
    Improvements
    
    
3
120
273
    
    
    
2
933
865
    

    
    
    
7
020
706
    
    
    
6
199
946
    

Less:
    Accumulated Depreciation
    
    
4
057
104
    
    
    
3
394
103
    

    
    
    
2
963
602
    
    
    
2
805
843
    


Depreciation
expense charged to income for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 amounted to $663
001 and $640
246
 respectively.

Note
4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

During
2011
 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment
is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&rsquo;s
equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.

At
December 31
 2011
 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.

The
Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company&rsquo;s
ownership interest in MO was 0% and 12%
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 MO had wound down and ceased operations. Major accounts
were transitioned to the Company as a part of the wind down.

Note
5 - Related Party Transactions

Meatball
Obsession
 LLC

A
current director of the Company is the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;).

For
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company generated approximately $0 and $53
984 in revenues from MO
 respectively.

As
of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company had a receivable of $0 and $1
604 due from MO
 respectively.

WWS
Inc.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino and Tom Toto
 two directors of the Company
 are affiliates of WWS
 Inc.

For
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recorded $48
000 and $48
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales
respectively.

Notes
Payable &ndash; Related Party

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company.
The notes bear interest at a rate of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until January
2024. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $0 and $109
844
 respectively.

The
Company received advances from the CEO of the Company which bear interest at 8%. The advances were due on January 2024. At January 31
2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $400
000 of principal outstanding
 respectively.

The
Company received advances from an entity 100% owned by the CEO of the Company
 which bear interest at 8%. The advances were due on January
2024. At January 31
 2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $132
000 of principal outstanding
 respectively.


    
    


For
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recorded interest expense of $23
550 and $44
131
 respectively
 related to the
above related party notes payable. At January 31
 2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $2
863
 respectively
 of accrued interest on the above
related party notes.

Other
Related Party Transactions

During
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company reimbursed an entity 100% owned by the CEO of the Company for certain investor
relation conference expenses totaling $29
503 and $15
722
 respectively.

During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 members of the board of directors and officers exercised 940
807 warrants with exercise price of $1
in exchange for 940
807 shares of common stock.

Note
6 - Loan and Security Agreement

M&amp;T
Bank

Effective
January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into a $2.5 million five-year note with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with repayments in
equal payments over 60 months. The new facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&rsquo;s business
assets and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&rsquo;s Chief
Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded $89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note
using the effective interest method. There was unamortized debt discount of $0 and $17
864 as of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
respectively. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $0 and $441
663 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively.

Effective
January 4
 2019
 the Company has arranged a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points
with a two-year expiration. On January 29
 2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as
well as extend the maturity date to June 30
 2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&rsquo;s
business assets and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. Advances under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable
(which is subject to an agreed limitation and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%) of
eligible inventory (which is subject to an agreed dollar limitation). All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity. The
outstanding balance on the line of credit was $0 and $2
997
348 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively.

During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company paid total interest of $78
032 to M&amp;T Bank for the above agreements.

Note
7 &ndash; Promissory Note

On
April 21
 2020
 the Company entered into a term note with its principal bank
 M&amp;T
 with a principal amount of $330
505 pursuant to
&rdquo;) under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the
&rdquo;). The PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note. The PPP Term Note bears interest at a fixed annual rate
of 1.00%
 with the first six months of interest deferred. The Company returned the $330
505 received from the Paycheck Protection Program
on May 6
 2020
 inclusive of interest.


    
    


Note
8 - Leases

The
Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the
lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are
recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term.

The
Company&rsquo;s leases consist of leaseholds on office space
 manufacturing space and machinery and equipment. The Company utilized a
portfolio approach in determining the discount rate. The portfolio approach takes into consideration the range of the term
 the range
of the lease payments
 the category of the underlying asset and the Company&rsquo;s estimated incremental borrowing rate
 which is derived
from information available at the lease commencement date
 in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company also considered
its recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics when calculating the incremental
borrowing rates.

The
lease term includes options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. These operating
leases contain renewal options for periods ranging from three to five years that expire at various dates with no residual value guarantees.
Future obligations relating to the exercise of renewal options is included in the measurement if
 based on the judgment of management
the renewal option is reasonably certain to be exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is reasonably certain of exercise
include
 but are not limited to
 the value of leasehold improvements
 the value of the renewal rate compared to market rates
 and the
presence of factors that would cause a significant economic penalty to the Company if the option is not exercised. Management reasonably
plans to exercise all options
 and as such
 all renewal options are included in the measurement of the right-of-use assets and operating
lease liabilities.

Leases
with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet
 per the election of the practical expedient noted above.&nbsp;

The
Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recognizes variable lease
payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate
are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date
 otherwise variable lease payments are recognized in the period
incurred.

The
components of lease expense were as follows:



    
    
For
    the Year Ended
    
    
For
    the Year Ended
    

    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

Finance
    lease
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    of assets
    
    
129
104
    
    
    
100
703
    

Interest
    on lease liabilities
    
    
36
169
    
    
    
23
130
    

Operating
    leases
    
    
309
357
    
    
    
257
763
    

Short-term
    lease
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
653
    

Total
    net lease cost
    
    
474
630
    
    
    
389
249
    


Supplemental
balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:



    
    
January
    31
 2021
    
    
January
    31
 2020
    

Operating
    leases:&#8239;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    lease ROU assets
    
    
1
352
483
    
    
    
1
490
794
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
147
684
    
    
    
126
516
    

Noncurrent
    operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
1
218
487
    
    
    
1
372
349
    

Total
    operating lease liabilities
    
    
1
366
171
    
    
    
1
498
865
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finance
    leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
 at cost
    
    
951
656
    
    
    
550
269
    

Accumulated
    depreciation
    
    
(260
370
    
    
    
(131
266
    

Property
    and equipment
 net
    
    
691
286
    
    
    
419
003
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    obligations of finance lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
190
554
    
    
    
105
126
    

Finance
    leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
474
743
    
    
    
315
234
    

Total
    finance lease liabilities
    
    
665
297
    
    
    
420
360
    




    
    


Supplemental
cash flow and other information related to leases was as follows:



    
    
For
    the Year Ended January 31
 2021
    
    
For
    the Year Ended January 31
 2020
    

Cash
    paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    cash flows from operating leases
    
    
132
694
    
    
    
100
965
    

Financing
    cash flows from finance leases
    
    
156
450
    
    
    
92
928
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

ROU
    assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
599
830
    

Finance
    leases
    
    
401
387
    
    
    
293
479
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average remaining lease term (in years):
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finance
    leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average discount rate:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Operating
    leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finance
    leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




For
    the Twelve Months Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
453
199
    

    
    
    
422
164
    

    
    
    
356
370
    

    
    
    
331
193
    

    
    
    
243
633
    

    
    
    
670
902
    

Total
    lease payments
    
    
2
477
461
    

Less:
    amounts representing interest
    
    
(445
992
    

Total
    lease obligations
    
    
2
031
469
    


Note
9 - Concentrations



During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 41% and 13% of gross sales.
As of January 31
 2021
 these two customers represented approximately 23% and 14% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.
During the year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10%
of gross sales. As of January 31
 2020
 these three customers represented approximately 34%
 16% and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
respectively.



    
    


Note
10 - Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

(A)
Options

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
 Exercise Price
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2019
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2019
    
    
521
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
265
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2020
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2020
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(24
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(6
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2021
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2021
    
    


    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
Options
    Outstanding
    
    
    
    
Options
    Exercisable

Exercise
    Price
    
    
    
    Outstanding
    
    
    Average
    Remaining
    Contractual
    Life (in years)
    
    
    
    Average
    Exercise Price
    
    
    
    Exercisable
    
    
    Average
    Exercise Price
    

    
0.39
    &ndash; 1.38
    
    
869
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
859
000
    
    
    
    


At
January 31
 2021
 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $1
021
141 and $1
011
853
 respectively.

During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 three employees exercised a total of 24
000 options at an exercise price of $0.60 per share for aggregate
proceeds of $14
No options were exercised during
the year ended January 31
 2020.

During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 the Company issued to 7
500 options to an employee. The options have an exercise price of $1.16 per
share
 a term of 5 years
 and 2-year vesting. The options have an aggregated fair value of approximately $6
682 that was calculated using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the assumptions discussed above in Note 2.

For
the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of $52
895
and $76
191
 respectively. At January 31
 2021
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $1
933. In January 2021
 the Company extended
all employee options for 5 years and director options that were set to expire in April 2021 for a period of two years to
April 2023 using the assumptions in Note 2.


    
    


(B)
Warrants

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
Exercise
    Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2019
    
    
6
245
331
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2019
    
    
6
245
331
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(188
667
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2020
    
    
6
056
664
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2020
    
    
6
056
664
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
631
733
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
424
931
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


During
the year ended January 31
 2021
 warrant holders exercised a total of 3
631
733 warrants and the Company issued 3
588
490 shares of common
stock as a result of these exercises and received net proceeds of $3
773
182 which included $87
000 paid to the placement agent. Of the
3
631
733 exercised warrants
 80
000 warrants were exercised on a cashless basis by Spartan Capital and the Company issued 36
757 shares
of common stock.

Note
11 - Commitments and Contingencies

Insurance
Claim


The Company
maintains insurance for both property damage and business interruption relating to catastrophic events
 such as fires. Insurance recoveries
received for property damage and business interruption in excess of the net book value of damaged assets
 clean-up and demolition costs
and post-event costs are recognized as income in the period received or committed when all contingencies associated with the recoveries
are resolved. Gains on insurance recoveries related to business interruption are recorded within &ldquo;Cost of sales&rdquo; and any gains
or losses related to property damage are recorded within Other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income.

On
December 7
 2020
 the Company experienced a fire at its plant in a spiral oven. The spiral oven was rebuilt and was fully put back
into service in late February 2021. The estimated loss is approximately $656
700 which includes loss of business
 the rebuild of the
spiral oven
 additional expenses to clean plant and lost material and packaging. To date
 the Company has recorded approximately
$110
000 as an offset against labor expenses and $6
817 in raw material and packaging loss. The Company recorded the above $116
817 in prepaid expenses on the consolidated
balance sheets. The Company has been reimbursed
partially against the property damages for $93
870. The Company is awaiting the approval of the remaining balance of its property
losses and business income claim from the insurance carrier. As of the date of these financials
 the Company does not have final
approved numbers for the loss.

Litigation
Claims and Assessments

From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually
or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.

Licensing
and Royalty Agreements

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Agreement
the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and
sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor
Products&rdquo;). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of
a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production
of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.



    
    


The
Exclusive Term began on January 1
 2009 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.

The
Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000
of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1%
of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.

In
order to continue the Exclusive term
 the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



Agreement
    Year
    
    
    
to
    be Paid with
Respect
    to Such
Agreement
    Year
    

st
    
    
    
    
    

rd
    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    6
    
    
75
000
    

th
    
    
    
100
000
    

th
    
    
    
125
000
    


The
Company incurred $539
801 and $463
540 of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. Royalty expenses
are included in general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.

Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders

The
Company entered into a fourth Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective April 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall
pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the
Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee
of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company
shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised
in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined by
reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month) on
the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.

The
Company
 upon closing of the Financing
 shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan.
The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase
a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing.
The warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise
price equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than
one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.

If
the Company enters into a change of control transaction during the term of the agreement through October 1
 2022
 the Company shall pay
to Spartan a fee equal to 3% of the consideration paid or received by the Company and/or its stockholders in such transaction.



    
    


Advisory
Agreements

The
Company entered into an Advisory Agreement with Spartan effective June 1
 2019 (the &ldquo;Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the
agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $5
000 over a 21-month period. Additionally
 the Company
granted Spartan 125
000 shares of common stock which are considered fully-paid and non-assessable upon execution of the agreement. During
the term or this Agreement
 the Consultant will provide non-exclusive consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
but not limited to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital and potential M&amp;A transactions
 (ii) identifying suitable
personal for management and Board positions (iii) developing corporate structure and finance strategies
 (iv) assisting the Company with
strategic introductions
 (v) assisting management with enhancing corporate and shareholder value
 and (vi) introducing the Company to
potential investors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Advisory Services&rdquo;). The advisory agreement was terminated according to its terms
on March 31
 2020.

The
Company entered into an Advisory Agreement with B. Riley Securities
 Inc. effective September 25
 2020 (the &ldquo;B. Riley Advisory
Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company shall pay to B. Riley a non-refundable fee of $175
000 upon delivery of a fairness
opinion in the event a transaction has value over $50 million ($125
000 if a transaction has a value less than $50 million). In addition
additional fees may be paid to B. Riley based on the terms of the agreement and transactions consummated. During the term or this Agreement
the Consultant will provide non-exclusive consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited to (i)
advice and input with respect to raising capital and potential M&amp;A transactions
 (ii) identifying potential purchasers or targets
(iii) soliciting proposals from purchasers or targets
 (iv) assisting the Company with strategic introductions and negotiations
 (v)
evaluating proposals
 and (vi) other financial advisory and investment banking services (collectively
 the &ldquo;B. Riley Advisory Services&rdquo;).


Note
12 - Income Tax Provision 

The
income tax provision consists of the following:



    

 2021

 2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(184
085
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(560
888
    

    
(744
973
    


On
December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Tax Reform Bill&rdquo;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax
Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate
to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018
 the lower tax rate
of 21% will be used to calculate the amount of any federal income tax due on taxable income earned during 2019.

The
Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $3.8 million and $9.5 million at January 31
 2021 and
2020
 respectively
 available to offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on
undertaking a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the
net operating loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $5.2 million and $8.8 million
at January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2035.

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for
taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. For the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the change in the valuation allowance was $(2
177
802) and $675
896
 respectively.



    
    


The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain positions
that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo; A
liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit
because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized
as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.

If
applicable
 interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other
expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo; in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General and administrative.&rdquo;

No
interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. As of January 31
 2021
and 2020
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes
in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.

The
Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
January 31
 2021
January 31
 2020

    
1
212
466
2
071
751

    
    
48
684

    
    
86
293

    
44
133
    

    
571
046
    

    
6
309
41
506

    
1
833
954
2
199
550

    
    
(2
177
802


 net of valuation allowance
1
833
954
21
748

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
708
798
    

    
380
183
    

    
    
21
748

    
1
088
981
21
748

    
744
973
    


The
expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
January 31
 2021
January 31
 2020

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Note
13 &ndash; Revision of Prior Year Financial Statements

The
Company identified and recorded a prior period adjustment&nbsp;related to promotion expenses that should have been recorded in the year
ended January 31
 2020 as an offset to revenue as discussed in the Company&rsquo;s revenue recognition policy instead of general and
administrative expenses as originally recorded. The adjustment was reflected as a $1
086
982 decrease in Sales net of slotting fees and
corresponding decrease in General and administrative expenses.

In
accordance with the guidance provided by the SEC&rsquo;s Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 and Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 108
 
the Company determined that previously issued financial statements for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2020 should be revised to reflect
the correction of these errors.

As
a result of the aforementioned correction of accounting errors
 the relevant financial statements have been revised as follows:



    

 2020

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
34
837
447
(1
086
982
33
750
465

    
11
071
310
(1
086
982
9
984
328

    
8
873
260
(1
086
982
7
786
278

    
8
987
886
(1
086
982
7
900
904

    
2
083
424
    
2
083
424

    
1
532
694
    
1
532
694

    
    
    
    


Note
14

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation
 the
Company has identified the following reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.


    
















     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2021 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
    the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in
    this report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
    supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
    the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
    and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
    reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 20
 2021
    

    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    

Carl
    Wolf
    

Principal
    Executive Officer
    




    













     



EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Lawrence Morgenstein
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2021 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
    the period covered by this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in
    this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
    supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
    the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
    and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
    or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors
    and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
    reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 20
 2021
    

    
    

/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    

Principal
    Financial Officer
    




    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby certify
to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2021 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date:
    April 20
 2021
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
Carl
    Wolf

    
Principal
    Executive Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and will be
retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



    













     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby certify
to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2021 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly
presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date:
    April 20
 2021
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein

    
Lawrence
    Morgenstein

    
Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and will be
retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    




    


    
    




    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    

    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







 2015 through October 1


000 upon delivery of a fairness opinion in the event a transaction has value over $50 million ($125

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2022

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
&#13;(formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22

 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf
 chicken parmesan and other similar meats and sauces. In addition
&#13;the Company continues to diversify its product line by introducing new products such as ready to serve dinners
 single-size Pasta Bowls
&#13;bulk deli
 packaged refrigerated and frozen products. The Company&amp;#8217;s products were submitted to the United States Department of&#13;Agriculture (the &amp;#8220;USDA&amp;#8221;) and approved as all natural. The USDA defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial&#13;ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&amp;#8217;s customers are located throughout&#13;the United States


 among others
&#13;the following: allowance for doubtful accounts

 situation or set of circumstances that existed&#13;at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near&#13;term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly

 and in the future expects&#13;to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
 among others
&#13;(i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
&#13;including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection&#13;with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others


 2021
 the Company had $3
128

 historical collection information&#13;and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written&#13;off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company had reserves of $2

 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2021 and&#13;January 31

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;746
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;893
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;360
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
195
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
246



 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software &lt;/i&gt;as intangible&#13;assets. The Company capitalized $87
639 of costs incurred in the year ended January 31
 2021 to implement cloud computing arrangements.&#13;Acquired internal-use software licenses are amortized over the term of the arrangement on a straight-line basis to the line item within&#13;the consolidated statements of operations that reflects the nature of the license. The Company did not record amortization for the software&#13;license since the license has yet to be implemented as of January 31

 the Company evaluates its accounting&#13;for fees paid in an agreement to determine whether it includes a license to internal-use software. If the agreement includes a software&#13;license
 the Company accounts for the software license as an intangible asset. Acquired software licenses are recognized and measured&#13;at cost
 which includes the present value of the license obligation if the license is to be paid for over time. If the agreement does&#13;not include a software license

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Leases&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional information&#13;to users of financial statements regarding an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842

 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using&#13;the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated balance&#13;sheet in the amount of $1
599

 which among other things

 the fair value of&#13;a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties

 2021 and 2020 were $110
713 and $114
626

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the&#13;consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
 an entity is&#13;required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in&#13;the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
&#13;and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability&#13;of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved&#13;disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#8212;Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&lt;/i&gt;. This update clarifies&#13;the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts&#13;at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017

 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
&#13;relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&amp;#8217;s current business model&#13;and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In addition

 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in&#13;time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized&#13;in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts&#13;billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling&#13;activities as fulfillment activities

&#13;consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives&#13;and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction&#13;price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates principally&#13;on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the advertising

 sales discounts

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(as revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;42
238
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
480
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
705
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
758
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
750


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Northeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
994
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
857
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
780
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
523
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Midwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
870
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
024
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;West&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
515
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
823
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
077
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
226
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;42
238
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455

 freight-in
 packaging

&#13;2021 and 2020 were $633
102 and $611

 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;)

&#13;including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted stock
&#13;are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered&#13;have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized&#13;on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting&#13;does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based&#13;compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the&#13;services provided

 2021 and 2020
 share-based&#13;compensation amounted to $52
895 and $93
862

 2021 and 2020
 when&#13;computing fair value of share-based payments

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

 the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.&#13;EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through&#13;260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average&#13;number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by&#13;deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period&#13;on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement)&#13;and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased&#13;to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued&#13;during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
067
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
067
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
503
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
949
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;513
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;397
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
991
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
016
581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
339


 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax&#13;assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the&#13;date of enactment. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $744
973 and $0
 respectively

 the Coronavirus&#13;Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;CARES Act&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;) was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act lifts certain&#13;deduction limitations originally imposed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;2017 Tax Act&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). Corporate taxpayers&#13;may carryback net operating losses (&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;NOLs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;) originating between 2018 and 2020 for up to five years
 which was not previously&#13;allowed under the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act also eliminates the 80% of taxable income limitations by allowing corporate entities to&#13;fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018
 2019 or 2020. Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum&#13;of 50% of adjusted taxable income plus business interest income (30% limit under the 2017 Tax Act) for 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act allows&#13;taxpayers with alternative minimum tax credits to claim a refund in 2020 for the entire amount of the credits instead of recovering the&#13;credits through refunds over a period of years


&#13;the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&amp;#8220;Affiliate&amp;#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other&#13;person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with such&#13;person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments in their&#13;equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
&#13;to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income&#13;Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;
 &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception that prohibits the&#13;recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been&#13;sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair&#13;Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework&amp;#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&amp;#8221;.&lt;/i&gt;&#13;This update is to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial statements by facilitating clear communication&#13;of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&amp;#8217;s financial statements. The amendments in&#13;this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair&#13;value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) ASU 2018-15
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Customer&amp;#8217;s&#13;Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in&#13;this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract&#13;with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The Company adopted this&#13;guidance on February 1
 2020 on a prospective basis. &lt;/font&gt;Since the adoption of ASU 2018-15 on February 1
 2020
 the Company evaluates&#13;upfront costs including implementation
 set-up or other costs (collectively
 implementation costs) for hosting arrangements under the&#13;internal-use software framework. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred
&#13;whereas costs incurred in the development stage are generally capitalized. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line&#13;basis over the expected term of the hosting arrangement

 the FASB issued authoritative guidance&#13;intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for&#13;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). This guidance eliminates certain exceptions to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds&#13;new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual periods after December 15
&#13;2020

&#13;but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted



 2021 and January&#13;31

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
787
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
176
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;89
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
120
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
933
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
020
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
199
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
057
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
394
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
963
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
805

 2021 and 2020 amounted to $663
001 and $640
246



 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest&#13;in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&amp;#8220;MO&amp;#8221;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using the equity method&#13;of accounting. Accordingly

 2011

 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company&amp;#8217;s ownership interest in MO was 0% and 12%
 respectively.&#13;As of December 31
 2019



 2021 and 2020
 the&#13;Company generated approximately $0 and $53
984 in revenues from MO

 2021 and 2020
 the Company had a&#13;receivable of $0 and $1
604 due from MO


 two directors&#13;of the Company
 are affiliates of WWS

 2021 and 2020
 the&#13;Company recorded $48
000 and $48
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales

 2016
 the Company&#13;received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company. The notes bear interest at a rate of 4% per annum&#13;and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until January 2024. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the outstanding&#13;principal balance of the notes was $0 and $109
844

 2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $400
000 of principal&#13;outstanding

 which bear interest at 8%. The advances were due on January 2024. At January 31
 2021 and 2020
 there&#13;was $0 and $132
000 of principal outstanding

 2021 and 2020
 the&#13;Company recorded interest expense of $23
550 and $44
131
 respectively
 related to the above related party notes payable. At January 31
&#13;2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $2
863
 respectively

 2021 and 2020
&#13;the Company reimbursed an entity 100% owned by the CEO of the Company for certain investor relation conference expenses totaling $29
503&#13;and $15
722

 2021
 members of&#13;the board of directors and officers exercised 940
807 warrants with exercise price of $1 in exchange for 940


 January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into&#13;a $2.5 million five-year note with M&amp;#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with repayments in equal payments over 60 months. The new facility&#13;is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&amp;#8217;s business assets and is further subject to various affirmative&#13;and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded&#13;$89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method. There was unamortized&#13;debt discount of $0 and $17
864 as of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 respectively. The outstanding balance on the term loan was&#13;$0 and $441
663 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020

 January 4
 2019
 the Company has arranged&#13;a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&amp;#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with a two-year expiration. On January 29
&#13;2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as well as extend the maturity date to June 30
&#13;2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&amp;#8217;s business assets and is further subject&#13;to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf.&#13;Advances under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable (which is subject to an agreed limitation&#13;and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%) of eligible inventory (which is subject to an&#13;agreed dollar limitation). All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity. The outstanding balance on the line of credit&#13;was $0 and $2
997
348 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020

 2021
 the Company&#13;paid total interest of $78


 2020
 the Company&#13;entered into a term note with its principal bank
 M&amp;#38;T
 with a principal amount of $330
505 pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program&#13;(&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;PPP Term Note&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;) under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;CARES Act&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;).&#13;The PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note. The PPP Term Note bears interest at a fixed annual rate of 1.00%
 with the first six months&#13;of interest deferred. The Company returned the $330
505 received from the Paycheck Protection Program on May 6
 2020


 2021
 the Company&#13;earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 41% and 13% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2021
 these two customers&#13;represented approximately 23% and 14% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2020
 the&#13;Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2020
 these&#13;three customers represented approximately 34%
 16% and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;626
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;521
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;265
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;891
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;756
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(24
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;869
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;859

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;859

 2021
 the total intrinsic value of&#13;options outstanding and exercisable was $1
021
141 and $1
011
853

 2021
 three employees exercised a total of 24
000 options at an exercise price of $0.60 per share for aggregate proceeds&#13;of $14
400. &lt;/font&gt;No options were exercised during the year ended January 31

 2021
 the Company&#13;issued to 7
500 options to an employee. The options have an exercise price of $1.16 per share
 a term of 5 years
 and 2-year vesting.&#13;The options have an aggregated fair value of approximately $6

 2021 and 2020
&#13;the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of $52
895 and $76
191
 respectively. At January&#13;31
 2021
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $1
933. In January 2021

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
245
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
245
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(188
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
056
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
056
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
631
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
424
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31

 2021
 warrant holders exercised a total&#13;of 3
631
733 warrants and the Company issued 3
588
490 shares of common stock as a result of these exercises and received net proceeds&#13;of $3
773
182 which included $87
000 paid to the placement agent. Of the 3
631
733 exercised warrants
 80
000 warrants were exercised&#13;on a cashless basis by Spartan Capital and the Company issued 36


 such as fires. Insurance recoveries&#13;received for property damage and business interruption in excess of the net book value of damaged assets
 clean-up and demolition costs

 2020
 the Company experienced a fire&#13;at its plant in a spiral oven. The spiral oven was rebuilt and was fully put back into service in late February 2021. The estimated loss&#13;is approximately $656
700 which includes loss of business
 the rebuild of the spiral oven
 additional expenses to clean plant and lost&#13;material and packaging. To date
 the Company has recorded approximately $110
000 as an offset against labor expenses and $6
817 in raw&#13;material and packaging loss. The Company recorded the above $116
817 in prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company&#13;has been reimbursed partially against the property damages for $93
870. The Company is awaiting the approval of the remaining balance&#13;of its property losses and business income claim from the insurance carrier. As of the date of these financials


 the Company may become involved&#13;in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
&#13;and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently not aware&#13;of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its&#13;business

 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development&#13;and License agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line&#13;of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution&#13;and sale (each a &amp;#8220;Licensor Product&amp;#8221; and collectively the &amp;#8220;Licensor Products&amp;#8221;). Licensor shall work with Licensee&#13;to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&amp;#8217;s trade&#13;secret recipes


000&#13;of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales&#13;from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;
 6&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;125

801 and $463
540 of royalty&#13;expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020

 LLC (&amp;#8220;Spartan&amp;#8221;) effective April 1
 2015 (the &amp;#8220;Spartan&#13;Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee&#13;of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000&#13;is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October&#13;2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per&#13;month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan&#13;shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined by reference to the average volume weighted average trading&#13;price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month) on the first day of each month during the period from November&#13;1
 2015 through October 1

 upon closing of the Financing
 shall&#13;pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3%&#13;of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan&#13;at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon&#13;conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants shall be exercisable at any time&#13;during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share&#13;of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
&#13;conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing

 2022

 2019 (the &amp;#8220;Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable&#13;monthly fee of $5
000 over a 21-month period. Additionally
 the Company granted Spartan 125
000 shares of common stock which are considered&#13;fully-paid and non-assessable upon execution of the agreement. During the term or this Agreement
 the Consultant will provide non-exclusive&#13;consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital&#13;and potential M&amp;#38;A transactions
 (ii) identifying suitable personal for management and Board positions (iii) developing corporate structure&#13;and finance strategies
 (iv) assisting the Company with strategic introductions
 (v) assisting management with enhancing corporate and&#13;shareholder value
 and (vi) introducing the Company to potential investors (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Advisory Services&amp;#8221;). The advisory&#13;agreement was terminated according to its terms on March 31

 Inc. effective September 25
 2020 (the &amp;#8220;B. Riley Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the&#13;Company shall pay to B. Riley a non-refundable fee of $175
000 upon delivery of a fairness opinion in the event a transaction has value&#13;over $50 million ($125
000 if a transaction has a value less than $50 million). In addition
 additional fees may be paid to B. Riley based&#13;on the terms of the agreement and transactions consummated. During the term or this Agreement
 the Consultant will provide non-exclusive&#13;consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital&#13;and potential M&amp;#38;A transactions
 (ii) identifying potential purchasers or targets
 (iii) soliciting proposals from purchasers or targets
&#13;(iv) assisting the Company with strategic introductions and negotiations
 (v) evaluating proposals
 and (vi) other financial advisory&#13;and investment banking services (collectively





000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;
 6&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;125


 2021 and January&#13;31

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
787
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
176
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;89
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
120
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
933
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
020
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
199
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
057
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
394
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
963
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
805


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
067
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
067
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
503
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
949
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;513
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;397
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
991
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
016
581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
339


 2021 and 2020
 when&#13;computing fair value of share-based payments

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31



 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Northeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
994
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
857
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
780
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
523
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Midwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
870
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
024
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;West&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
515
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
823
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
077
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
226
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;42
238
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455


 sales discounts

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(as revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;42
238
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
480
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
705
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
758
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
750




 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2021 and&#13;January 31

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;746
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;893
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;360
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
195
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
246

    
    
    
    
    



    


 manufacturing space and machinery and equipment. The Company utilized a portfolio approach in determining the discount rate.&#13;The portfolio approach takes into consideration the range of the term
 the range of the lease payments
 the category of the underlying&#13;asset and the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated incremental borrowing rate
 which is derived from information available at the lease commencement&#13;date

 based on the judgment of management
 the renewal option is reasonably certain to be&#13;exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is reasonably certain of exercise include
 but are not limited to
 the value of leasehold&#13;improvements
 the value of the renewal rate compared to market rates
 and the presence of factors that would cause a significant economic&#13;penalty to the Company if the option is not exercised. Management reasonably plans to exercise all options
 and as such



 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation of assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest on lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;309
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;257
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total net lease cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;474
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases:&amp;#8239;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease ROU assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
352
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
490
794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;147
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;126
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
218
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
372
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
366
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
498
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;951
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(260
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(131
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;691
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;419
003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current obligations of finance lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;474
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total finance lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;665
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;420

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating cash flows from operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;132
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing cash flows from finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
599
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;401
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;293

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 87%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;422
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;356
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;243
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;670
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
477
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: amounts representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(445
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
031


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(184
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(560
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(744

 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Tax Reform Bill&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax&#13;assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred&#13;tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018

 2021 and 2020
 respectively
 available to offset taxable income through&#13;2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50%&#13;ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current&#13;Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State&#13;Net Operating Loss carry overs of $5.2 million and $8.8 million at January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively

&#13;management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The&#13;ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods in which temporary&#13;differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax&#13;liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. For the years ended January 31
 2021&#13;and 2020
 the change in the valuation allowance was $(2
177
802) and $675
896

 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its&#13;tax return. For those benefits to be recognized


 2021 and 2020
 respectively. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
212
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Share-based compensation&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCECFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capitalized start-up and organization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCECFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;571
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
833
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
199
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
177
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
833
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;708
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCECFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;380
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
088
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;744


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax

    

 among others
&#13;the following: allowance for doubtful accounts

 situation or set of circumstances that existed&#13;at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near&#13;term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly


 and in the future expects&#13;to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
 among others
&#13;(i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
&#13;including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection&#13;with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others



 2021
 the Company had $3
128


 historical collection information&#13;and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written&#13;off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company had reserves of $2


 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2021 and&#13;January 31

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;746
013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;893
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;360
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
195
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
246





 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software &lt;/i&gt;as intangible&#13;assets. The Company capitalized $87
639 of costs incurred in the year ended January 31
 2021 to implement cloud computing arrangements.&#13;Acquired internal-use software licenses are amortized over the term of the arrangement on a straight-line basis to the line item within&#13;the consolidated statements of operations that reflects the nature of the license. The Company did not record amortization for the software&#13;license since the license has yet to be implemented as of January 31

 the Company evaluates its accounting&#13;for fees paid in an agreement to determine whether it includes a license to internal-use software. If the agreement includes a software&#13;license
 the Company accounts for the software license as an intangible asset. Acquired software licenses are recognized and measured&#13;at cost
 which includes the present value of the license obligation if the license is to be paid for over time. If the agreement does&#13;not include a software license


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Leases&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;&#13;(Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional information&#13;to users of financial statements regarding an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842

 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using&#13;the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated balance&#13;sheet in the amount of $1
599

 which among other things


 the fair value of&#13;a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties


 2021 and 2020 were $110
713 and $114
626

    

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is&#13;that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the&#13;consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
 an entity is&#13;required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in&#13;the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
&#13;and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability&#13;of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved&#13;disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#8212;Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&lt;/i&gt;. This update clarifies&#13;the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts&#13;at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017

 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
&#13;relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&amp;#8217;s current business model&#13;and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In addition

 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in&#13;time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized&#13;in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts&#13;billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling&#13;activities as fulfillment activities

&#13;consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives&#13;and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction&#13;price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates principally&#13;on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the advertising

 sales discounts

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(as revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;42
238
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
480
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
705
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
758
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
750


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Northeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
994
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
857
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
780
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
523
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Midwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
870
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
024
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;West&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
515
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
823
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
077
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
226
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;42
238
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455


 freight-in
 packaging


&#13;2021 and 2020 were $633
102 and $611


 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;ASC 718&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;)

&#13;including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted stock
&#13;are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered&#13;have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized&#13;on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting&#13;does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based&#13;compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the&#13;services provided

 2021 and 2020
 share-based&#13;compensation amounted to $52
895 and $93
862

 2021 and 2020
 when&#13;computing fair value of share-based payments

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31


 the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.&#13;EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through&#13;260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average&#13;number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by&#13;deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period&#13;on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement)&#13;and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased&#13;to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued&#13;during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
067
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
067
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
503
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
949
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;513
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;397
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
991
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
016
581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
339



 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets&#13;will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of&#13;enactment. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $744
973 and $0
 respectively

 the Coronavirus&#13;Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;CARES Act&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;) was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act lifts certain&#13;deduction limitations originally imposed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;2017 Tax Act&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). Corporate taxpayers&#13;may carryback net operating losses (&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;NOLs&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;) originating between 2018 and 2020 for up to five years
 which was not previously&#13;allowed under the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act also eliminates the 80% of taxable income limitations by allowing corporate entities to&#13;fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018
 2019 or 2020. Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum&#13;of 50% of adjusted taxable income plus business interest income (30% limit under the 2017 Tax Act) for 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act allows&#13;taxpayers with alternative minimum tax credits to claim a refund in 2020 for the entire amount of the credits instead of recovering the&#13;credits through refunds over a period of years



&#13;the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&amp;#8220;Affiliate&amp;#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other&#13;person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with such&#13;person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments in their&#13;equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
&#13;to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income&#13;Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;
 &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception that prohibits the&#13;recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been&#13;sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair&#13;Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework&amp;#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&amp;#8221;.&lt;/i&gt;&#13;This update is to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial statements by facilitating clear communication&#13;of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&amp;#8217;s financial statements. The amendments in&#13;this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair&#13;value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) ASU 2018-15
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Customer&amp;#8217;s&#13;Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in&#13;this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract&#13;with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The Company adopted this&#13;guidance on February 1
 2020 on a prospective basis. &lt;/font&gt;Since the adoption of ASU 2018-15 on February 1
 2020
 the Company evaluates&#13;upfront costs including implementation
 set-up or other costs (collectively
 implementation costs) for hosting arrangements under the&#13;internal-use software framework. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred
&#13;whereas costs incurred in the development stage are generally capitalized. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line&#13;basis over the expected term of the hosting arrangement

 the FASB issued authoritative guidance&#13;intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for&#13;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). This guidance eliminates certain exceptions to the general approach to the income tax accounting model and adds&#13;new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual periods after December 15
&#13;2020

&#13;but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted




 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases:&amp;#8239;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease ROU assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
352
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
490
794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;147
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;126
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
218
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
372
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
366
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
498
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;951
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(260
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(131
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;691
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;419
003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current obligations of finance lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;474
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total finance lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;665
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;420


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating cash flows from operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;132
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing cash flows from finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;156
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
599
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;401
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;293


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;626
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;521
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;265
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;891
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;756
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(24
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;869
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;859


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;859


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
245
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
245
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(188
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
056
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
056
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
631
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
424
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(184
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(560
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(744



 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
212
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Share-based compensation&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCECFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capitalized start-up and organization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCECFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;571
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
833
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
199
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
177
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
833
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;708
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCECFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;380
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
088
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;744



 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax


 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    



    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation of assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest on lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;309
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;257
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total net lease cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;474
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 87%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;422
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;356
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;243
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;670
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
477
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: amounts representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(445
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
031



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    


 2020 as an offset to revenue&#13;as discussed in the Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policy instead of general and administrative expenses as originally recorded.&#13;The adjustment was reflected as a $1
086

 &lt;i&gt;Materiality&lt;/i&gt; and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108
 &lt;i&gt;Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements&#13;when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements&lt;/i&gt; the Company determined that previously issued financial statements&#13;for the fiscal year ended January 31


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 45%; padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales &amp;#8211; net of slotting fees and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
837
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
750
465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
071
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
984
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
873
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
786
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
987
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
900
904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
083
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
083
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532



 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 45%; padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales &amp;#8211; net of slotting fees and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
837
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
750
465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
071
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
984
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
873
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
786
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
987
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
086
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
900
904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
083
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
083
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532

    
    



























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



000




000




000



      


      






      


      


      






      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      










      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 35
603
731 and 31
991
241 shares issued and outstanding as of January 31



      


      



 230
000 shares at cost



      


      






































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      






      






      





      

      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      



 Discounts


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      






      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      







      






      









 net of current obligations



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



 Outstanding




 Exercisable














 Outstanding



 Exercisable




























      


      


      










      

























 Outstanding



 Exercisable




 Outstanding




 Exercisable















 Outstanding



 Exercisable



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      


000



000


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      







      




      

      


 Debt


      







      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      








 Plant and Equipment









 Plant and Equipment






 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset



 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      

      

      

      

      





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits


      











 Property









 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 31
 2021
Apr. 19
 2021
Jul. 31
 2020













 Inc.



























  2021
















































































































922
636



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



608
474


















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











190
560


683



Accounts receivable
 net

973
793


727
887





195
211


246
417





887


268





879
451


620
255



Property and equipment
 net

963
602


805
843





639





Operating lease right of use assets
 net

352
483


490
794



Deferred tax asset
 net

973







177


177





048
325


937
069












707
111


552
790







799





684


516





554


126





045
349


208
231







997
348





218
487


372
349





743


234







844





693
230


326
775





738
579


535
006

















Preferred stock
 value






Common stock
 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 35
603
731 and 31
991
241 shares issued and outstanding as of January 31
 2021 and 2020








535
793


695
352





076
904)


144
110)



Less: Treasury stock
 230
000 shares at cost
 respectively

500)


500)





309
746


063





048
325


937
069

















Preferred stock
 value










Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

880
000


880
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

603
731


991
241



Common stock
 shares outstanding

603
731


991
241



Treasury stock
 shares

000


000










Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued

400


400



Preferred stock
 shares outstanding




































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











758
605


750
465





019
296


766
137





739
309


984
328












713


626





150
748


786
278





261
461


900
904





477
848


083
424












751)


995)





864)


735)





615)


730)





322
233


532
694





973







067
206


532
694



















503
208


949
803





016
581


339
256





































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))





















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





















































































Represents the portion of interest incurred in the period on debt arrangements that was charged against earnings
 excluding amortization of debt discount (premium) and financing costs.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance at Jan. 31
 2019





500)


547
287


676
804)


278
697)



Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2019



866
241


000)

















191




191











874




875



Common stock issued for services
 shares



000





















532
694


532
694



Balance at Jan. 31
 2020





500)


695
352


144
110)


063



Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2020



991
241


000)

















895




895











400




400



Common stock issued for exercise of options
 shares



000



















773
146




773
182



Common stock issued for exercise of warrants
 shares



588
490





















067
206


067
206



Balance at Jan. 31
 2021





500)


535
793


076
904)


309
746



Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2021



603
731


000)




































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











067
206


532
694












001


246





864


735





895


862





311


036





973)














906)


077
063)





206


172





619)


886)





249


858





694)


965)





698
540


814
689












373)


106)





567)







940)


106)












844)







663)


058
337)





505







505)





Borrowings (repayments) of line of credit
 net

997
348)


314





450)


376)





400







773
182







723)


762
399)





796
877


726)





683


409





190
560


683



















735


894














599
830





387


479







875





072






















































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.















































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
















































































































































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]










 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
(formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada corporation. The Company has a year-end of January
31.


beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf
 chicken parmesan and other similar meats and sauces. In addition
the Company continues to diversify its product line by introducing new products such as ready to serve dinners
 single-size Pasta Bowls
bulk deli
 packaged refrigerated and frozen products. The Company&#8217;s products were submitted to the United States Department of
Agriculture (the &#8220;USDA&#8221;) and approved as all natural. The USDA defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&#8217;s customers are located throughout
the United States
 with large concentrations in the Northeast and Southeast.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021












notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;)
and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.




all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting period(s). All inter-company balances and
transactions have been eliminated.




in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.


judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed
at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.




to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties
including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future expects
to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
 among others
(i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection
with the Company&#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&#8217;s operating
results on a consistent basis.




purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2021 and
2020.


cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured
limits. At January 31
 2021
 the Company had $3
128
246 in cash balances that exceed federally insured limits.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts


expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer receivables. The Company
provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
 historical collection information
and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written
off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.




realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2021 and
January 31
 2020:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
746
013
    
    
    
893
204
    

    
    
    
88
955
    
    
    
37
764
    

    
    
    
360
243
    
    
    
315
449
    

    
    
    
1
195
211
    
    
    
1
246
417
    





depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.


the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements
of operations.




licenses and certain costs within the scope of ASC 350-40
as intangible
assets. The Company capitalized $87
639 of costs incurred in the year ended January 31
 2021 to implement cloud computing arrangements.
Acquired internal-use software licenses are amortized over the term of the arrangement on a straight-line basis to the line item within
the consolidated statements of operations that reflects the nature of the license. The Company did not record amortization for the software
license since the license has yet to be implemented as of January 31
 2021.


 the Company evaluates its accounting
for fees paid in an agreement to determine whether it includes a license to internal-use software. If the agreement includes a software
license
 the Company accounts for the software license as an intangible asset. Acquired software licenses are recognized and measured
at cost
 which includes the present value of the license obligation if the license is to be paid for over time. If the agreement does
not include a software license
 the Company accounts for the arrangement as a service contract (hosting arrangement) and hosting costs
are generally expensed as incurred.




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 &#8220;
(Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional information
to users of financial statements regarding an entity&#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified
the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter the collection of lease guidance is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks
to achieve this objective by requiring reporting entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially
all lease arrangements.


 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using
the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated balance
sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse space.


expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
 which among other things
 allowed the Company to:


  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    





 the fair value of
a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
 other
than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s short-term financial instruments approximates fair value
due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.




Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 were $110
713 and $114
626
 respectively.




as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is
that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
 an entity is
required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in
the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability
of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved
disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
. This update clarifies
the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts
at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017
 the FASB
issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation guidance.


as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&#8217;s current business model
and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In addition
 the adoption
of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported financial statements in any prior period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment
to retained earnings.


from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in
time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized
in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts
billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling
activities as fulfillment activities
 and the related costs are recorded as selling expenses in general and administrative expenses on
the consolidated statement of operations.


consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives
and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction
price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates principally
on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the advertising
 consumer
incentives and trade promotions.


based on the billing schedule established in contracts and purchase orders with customers. The Company recognizes the related trade receivable
when the goods are shipped.


 sales discounts
 promotions
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances
    
    
1
480
097
    
    
    
1
705
076
    

    
    
    
40
758
605
    
    
    
33
750
465
    



The following table disaggregates gross revenue by significant geographic area for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
13
994
534
    
    
    
11
857
813
    

    
    
    
12
780
368
    
    
    
8
523
577
    

    
    
    
4
870
644
    
    
    
5
024
197
    

    
    
    
5
515
759
    
    
    
5
823
215
    

    
    
    
5
077
397
    
    
    
4
226
739
    

    
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    





the production and manufacturing of the Company&#8217;s products. Costs include product development
 freight-in
 packaging
 and print
production costs.




for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years ended January 31
2021 and 2020 were $633
102 and $611
199 respectively.




in accordance with ASC Topic 718
)
 which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance
with ASC 718.


including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated
number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted stock
are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered
have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting
does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based
compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the
services provided
 in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified
as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2021 and 2020
 share-based
compensation amounted to $52
895 and $93
862
 respectively.


 2021 and 2020
 when
computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share
options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which
to estimate expected term.


stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Risk free interest rates were obtained
from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.




of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.
EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through
260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by
deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period
on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement)
and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued
during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
stock options or warrants.


numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income attributable to common stockholders per common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
503
208
    
    
    
31
949
803
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
513
373
    
    
    
397
664
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
991
789
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
016
581
    
    
    
34
339
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





740
&#8221;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between
financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the
period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the
date of enactment. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $744
973 and $0
 respectively
 which
is included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company regularly evaluates the need for a valuation allowance
related to the deferred tax asset.&#160;

by tax authorities for years prior to 2018.


 the Coronavirus
Aid
&#8221;) was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act lifts certain
&#8221;). Corporate taxpayers
&#8221;) originating between 2018 and 2020 for up to five years
 which was not previously
allowed under the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act also eliminates the 80% of taxable income limitations by allowing corporate entities to
fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018
 2019 or 2020. Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum
of 50% of adjusted taxable income plus business interest income (30% limit under the 2017 Tax Act) for 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act allows
taxpayers with alternative minimum tax credits to claim a refund in 2020 for the entire amount of the credits instead of recovering the
credits through refunds over a period of years
 as originally enacted by the 2017 Tax Act.


 the CARES Act raises the corporate charitable
deduction limit to 25% of taxable income and makes qualified improvement property generally eligible for 15-year cost-recovery and 100%
bonus depreciation. The enactment of the CARES Act did not result in any material adjustments to the income tax provision.




of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&#8220;Affiliate&#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other
person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with such
person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments in their
equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing
trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company;
(f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g)
other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership
interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.




 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&#8221;
 
recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been
sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact
on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework&#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&#8221;.
This update is to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial statements by facilitating clear communication
of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&#8217;s financial statements. The amendments in
this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair
value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s condensed
consolidated financial statements.

In August 2019
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) ASU 2018-15

Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract&#8221;
this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract
with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The Company adopted this
guidance on February 1

 2020
 the Company evaluates
upfront costs including implementation
 set-up or other costs (collectively
 implementation costs) for hosting arrangements under the
internal-use software framework. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred
whereas costs incurred in the development stage are generally capitalized. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the expected term of the hosting arrangement
 which includes consideration of the non-cancellable contractual term and reasonably
certain renewals.


 the FASB issued authoritative guidance
intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12

Income Taxes
new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual periods after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance
on its condensed consolidated financial statements.


but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements.




that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure. Any material events that occur between the balance sheet
date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as subsequent events
 while the financial statements are adjusted
to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








 2021 and January
31
 2020 are as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
3
787
321
    
    
    
3
176
638
    

    
    
    
113
112
    
    
    
89
443
    

    
    
    
3
120
273
    
    
    
2
933
865
    

    
    
    
7
020
706
    
    
    
6
199
946
    

    
    
    
4
057
104
    
    
    
3
394
103
    

    
    
    
2
963
602
    
    
    
2
805
843
    



ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 amounted to $663
001 and $640
246
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC


Jan. 31
 2021

Investments in and Advances to Affiliates
 Schedule of Investments [Abstract]




Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC
Note 4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC


 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest
in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&#8220;MO&#8221;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using the equity method
of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&#8217;s equity in the undistributed earnings
or losses of the entity.


 2011
 the investment was written down
to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.


due to dilution. At January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s ownership interest in MO was 0% and 12%
 respectively.
As of December 31
 2019
 MO had wound down and ceased operations. Major accounts were transitioned to the Company as a part of the wind
down.



































The entire disclosure for the information summarizing investments in and advances to majority-owned subsidiaries
 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021









Meatball Obsession
 LLC


of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&#8220;MO&#8221;).


 2021 and 2020
 the
Company generated approximately $0 and $53
984 in revenues from MO
 respectively.


 2021 and 2020
 the Company had a
receivable of $0 and $1
604 due from MO
 respectively.

WWS
 Inc.


 two directors
of the Company
 are affiliates of WWS
 Inc.


 2021 and 2020
 the
Company recorded $48
000 and $48
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales
 respectively.




 2016
 the Company
received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company. The notes bear interest at a rate of 4% per annum
and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until January 2024. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the outstanding
principal balance of the notes was $0 and $109
844
 respectively.


Company which bear interest at 8%. The advances were due on January 2024. At January 31
 2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $400
000 of principal
outstanding
 respectively.


owned by the CEO of the Company
 which bear interest at 8%. The advances were due on January 2024. At January 31
 2021 and 2020
 there
was $0 and $132
000 of principal outstanding
 respectively.


 2021 and 2020
 the
Company recorded interest expense of $23
550 and $44
131
 respectively
 related to the above related party notes payable. At January 31
2021 and 2020
 there was $0 and $2
863
 respectively
 of accrued interest on the above related party notes.




 2021 and 2020
the Company reimbursed an entity 100% owned by the CEO of the Company for certain investor relation conference expenses totaling $29
503
and $15
722
 respectively.


 2021
 members of
the board of directors and officers exercised 940
807 warrants with exercise price of $1 in exchange for 940
807 shares of common stock.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021












 January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into
a $2.5 million five-year note with M&#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with repayments in equal payments over 60 months. The new facility
is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&#8217;s business assets and is further subject to various affirmative
and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded
$89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method. There was unamortized
debt discount of $0 and $17
864 as of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 respectively. The outstanding balance on the term loan was
$0 and $441
663 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively.


 January 4
 2019
 the Company has arranged
a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with a two-year expiration. On January 29
2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as well as extend the maturity date to June 30
2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&#8217;s business assets and is further subject
to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf.
Advances under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable (which is subject to an agreed limitation
and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%) of eligible inventory (which is subject to an
agreed dollar limitation). All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity. The outstanding balance on the line of credit
was $0 and $2
997
348 as of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively.


 2021
 the Company
paid total interest of $78
032 to M&#38;T Bank for the above agreements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021










 2020
 the Company
entered into a term note with its principal bank
 M&#38;T
 with a principal amount of $330
505 pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program
&#8221;) under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
&#8221;).
The PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note. The PPP Term Note bears interest at a fixed annual rate of 1.00%
 with the first six months
of interest deferred. The Company returned the $330
505 received from the Paycheck Protection Program on May 6
 2020
 inclusive of interest.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021










a lease at inception. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based
on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term.


office space
 manufacturing space and machinery and equipment. The Company utilized a portfolio approach in determining the discount rate.
The portfolio approach takes into consideration the range of the term
 the range of the lease payments
 the category of the underlying
asset and the Company&#8217;s estimated incremental borrowing rate
 which is derived from information available at the lease commencement
date
 in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company also considered its recent debt issuances as well as publicly available
data for instruments with similar characteristics when calculating the incremental borrowing rates.


when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. These operating leases contain renewal options for periods ranging
from three to five years that expire at various dates with no residual value guarantees. Future obligations relating to the exercise of
renewal options is included in the measurement if
 based on the judgment of management
 the renewal option is reasonably certain to be
exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is reasonably certain of exercise include
 but are not limited to
 the value of leasehold
improvements
 the value of the renewal rate compared to market rates
 and the presence of factors that would cause a significant economic
penalty to the Company if the option is not exercised. Management reasonably plans to exercise all options
 and as such
 all renewal options
are included in the measurement of the right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities.


on the balance sheet
 per the election of the practical expedient noted above.&#160;


on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recognizes variable lease payments in the period in which the obligation for
those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate are initially measured using the index or rate at
the commencement date
 otherwise variable lease payments are recognized in the period incurred.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
129
104
    
    
    
100
703
    

    
    
    
36
169
    
    
    
23
130
    

    
    
    
309
357
    
    
    
257
763
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
653
    

    
    
    
474
630
    
    
    
389
249
    



leases was as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
352
483
    
    
    
1
490
794
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
147
684
    
    
    
126
516
    

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
1
218
487
    
    
    
1
372
349
    

    
    
    
1
366
171
    
    
    
1
498
865
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 at cost
    
    
951
656
    
    
    
550
269
    

    
    
    
(260
370
    
    
    
(131
266
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
691
286
    
    
    
419
003
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current obligations of finance lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
190
554
    
    
    
105
126
    

Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
474
743
    
    
    
315
234
    

    
    
    
665
297
    
    
    
420
360
    



to leases was as follows:



    
    
For the Year Ended January 31
 2021
    
    
For the Year Ended January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
132
694
    
    
    
100
965
    

    
    
    
156
450
    
    
    
92
928
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
599
830
    

    
    
    
401
387
    
    
    
293
479
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




For the Twelve Months Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
453
199
    

    
    
    
422
164
    

    
    
    
356
370
    

    
    
    
331
193
    

    
    
    
243
633
    

    
    
    
670
902
    

    
    
    
2
477
461
    

    
    
    
(445
992
    

    
    
    
2
031
469
    
  



































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021












 2021
 the Company
earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 41% and 13% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2021
 these two customers
represented approximately 23% and 14% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2020
 the
Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2020
 these
three customers represented approximately 34%
 16% and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021












option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Exercise Price
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
626
500
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
521
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
265
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
891
500
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
756
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(24
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(6
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
869
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
859
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Outstanding
    
    



Life (in years)
    
    
    

Exercise Price
    
    
    
Exercisable
    
    

Exercise Price
    

    
    
    
    
869
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
859
000
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2021
 the total intrinsic value of
options outstanding and exercisable was $1
021
141 and $1
011
853
 respectively.

During the year
ended January 31
 2021
 three employees exercised a total of 24
000 options at an exercise price of $0.60 per share for aggregate proceeds
of $14

 2020.


 2021
 the Company
issued to 7
500 options to an employee. The options have an exercise price of $1.16 per share
 a term of 5 years
 and 2-year vesting.
The options have an aggregated fair value of approximately $6
682 that was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based
on the assumptions discussed above in Note 2.


 2021 and 2020
the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of $52
895 and $76
191
 respectively. At January
31
 2021
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $1
933. In January 2021
 the Company extended all employee options for 5 years
and director options that were set to expire in April 2021 for a period of two years to April 2023 using the assumptions in Note
2.




warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
6
245
331
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
6
245
331
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(188
667
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
6
056
664
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
6
056
664
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
631
733
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
424
931
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2021
 warrant holders exercised a total
of 3
631
733 warrants and the Company issued 3
588
490 shares of common stock as a result of these exercises and received net proceeds
of $3
773
182 which included $87
000 paid to the placement agent. Of the 3
631
733 exercised warrants
 80
000 warrants were exercised
on a cashless basis by Spartan Capital and the Company issued 36
757 shares of common stock.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021











The Company
maintains insurance for both property damage and business interruption relating to catastrophic events
 such as fires. Insurance recoveries
received for property damage and business interruption in excess of the net book value of damaged assets
 clean-up and demolition costs
and post-event costs are recognized as income in the period received or committed when all contingencies associated with the recoveries
are resolved. Gains on insurance recoveries related to business interruption are recorded within &#8220;Cost of sales&#8221; and any gains
or losses related to property damage are recorded within Other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income.


 2020
 the Company experienced a fire
at its plant in a spiral oven. The spiral oven was rebuilt and was fully put back into service in late February 2021. The estimated loss
is approximately $656
700 which includes loss of business
 the rebuild of the spiral oven
 additional expenses to clean plant and lost
material and packaging. To date
 the Company has recorded approximately $110
000 as an offset against labor expenses and $6
817 in raw
material and packaging loss. The Company recorded the above $116
817 in prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company
has been reimbursed partially against the property damages for $93
870. The Company is awaiting the approval of the remaining balance
of its property losses and business income claim from the insurance carrier. As of the date of these financials
 the Company does not
have final approved numbers for the loss.

Litigation
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently not aware
of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its
business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development
and License agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line
of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution
and sale (each a &#8220;Licensor Product&#8221; and collectively the &#8220;Licensor Products&#8221;). Licensor shall work with Licensee
to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&#8217;s trade
secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products (the &#8220;Recipes&#8221;)
shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


 2009 (the &#8220;Effective
Date&#8221;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


000
of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales
from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for
each Agreement year.


 the Company
shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    



801 and $463
540 of royalty
expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative expenses
on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.




and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#8220;Spartan&#8221;) effective April 1
 2015 (the &#8220;Spartan
Advisory Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee
of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000
is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October
2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per
month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan
shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined by reference to the average volume weighted average trading
price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month) on the first day of each month during the period from November
1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.


 upon closing of the Financing
 shall
pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3%
of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan
at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the Company&#8217;s common
stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon
conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants shall be exercisable at any time
during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share
of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to
the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


during the term of the agreement through October 1
 2022
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a fee equal to 3% of the consideration paid
or received by the Company and/or its stockholders in such transaction.




Spartan effective June 1
 2019 (the &#8220;Advisory Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
monthly fee of $5
000 over a 21-month period. Additionally
 the Company granted Spartan 125
000 shares of common stock which are considered
fully-paid and non-assessable upon execution of the agreement. During the term or this Agreement
 the Consultant will provide non-exclusive
consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital
and potential M&#38;A transactions
 (ii) identifying suitable personal for management and Board positions (iii) developing corporate structure
and finance strategies
 (iv) assisting the Company with strategic introductions
 (v) assisting management with enhancing corporate and
shareholder value
 and (vi) introducing the Company to potential investors (collectively
 the &#8220;Advisory Services&#8221;). The advisory
agreement was terminated according to its terms on March 31
 2020.


B. Riley Securities
 Inc. effective September 25
 2020 (the &#8220;B. Riley Advisory Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the
Company shall pay to B. Riley a non-refundable fee of $175
000 upon delivery of a fairness opinion in the event a transaction has value
over $50 million ($125
000 if a transaction has a value less than $50 million). In addition
 additional fees may be paid to B. Riley based
on the terms of the agreement and transactions consummated. During the term or this Agreement
 the Consultant will provide non-exclusive
consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital
and potential M&#38;A transactions
 (ii) identifying potential purchasers or targets
 (iii) soliciting proposals from purchasers or targets
(iv) assisting the Company with strategic introductions and negotiations
 (v) evaluating proposals
 and (vi) other financial advisory
and investment banking services (collectively
 the &#8220;B. Riley Advisory Services&#8221;).













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021













    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(184
085
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(560
888
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(744
973
    
    
    
    
    



 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the
&#8220;Tax Reform Bill&#8221;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax
assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred
tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018
 the lower tax rate of 21% will be used to calculate the amount of any federal
income tax due on taxable income earned during 2019.


(NOLs) of approximately $3.8 million and $9.5 million at January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
 available to offset taxable income through
2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50%
ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current
Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State
Net Operating Loss carry overs of $5.2 million and $8.8 million at January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
 available to offset future
taxable income through 2035.


management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The
ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods in which temporary
differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. For the years ended January 31
 2021
and 2020
 the change in the valuation allowance was $(2
177
802) and $675
896
 respectively.


to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive
model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its
tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the net benefit recognized and measured
pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &#8220;unrecognized benefits.&#8221; A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating
loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&#8217;s potential
future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.


 interest costs related to the unrecognized
tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &#8220;Other expenses &#8211; Interest&#8221; in the statement of
operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &#8220;General and administrative.&#8221;


during the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits
was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.


consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    

    
January 31
 2021
    
    

    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
1
212
466
    
    
    
2
071
751
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
48
684
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
293
    

    
    
    
44
133
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
571
046
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
309
    
    
    
41
506
    

    
    
    
1
833
954
    
    
    
2
199
550
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
177
802
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
1
833
954
    
    
    
21
748
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
708
798
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
380
183
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
748
    

    
    
    
1
088
981
    
    
    
21
748
    

    
    
    
744
973
    
    
    
    
    



rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    

    
January 31
 2021
    
    

    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021







Note 13 &#8211; Revision of Prior Year Financial
Statements


adjustment&#160;related to promotion expenses that should have been recorded in the year ended January 31
 2020 as an offset to revenue
as discussed in the Company&#8217;s revenue recognition policy instead of general and administrative expenses as originally recorded.
The adjustment was reflected as a $1
086
982 decrease in Sales net of slotting fees and corresponding decrease in General and administrative
expenses.


Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108

when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements
for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2020 should be revised to reflect the correction of these errors.


errors
 the relevant financial statements have been revised as follows:



    
    
For the year ended January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
837
447
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
33
750
465
    

    
    
    
11
071
310
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
9
984
328
    

    
    
    
8
873
260
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
7
786
278
    

    
    
    
8
987
886
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
7
900
904
    

    
    
    
2
083
424
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
083
424
    

    
    
    
1
532
694
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021








&#8211; Subsequent Events

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation
 the
Company has identified the following reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021










notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;)
and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.







all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting period(s). All inter-company balances and
transactions have been eliminated.







in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.


judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed
at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.







to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties
including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future expects
to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
 among others
(i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection
with the Company&#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&#8217;s operating
results on a consistent basis.







purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2021 and
2020.


cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured
limits. At January 31
 2021
 the Company had $3
128
246 in cash balances that exceed federally insured limits.




Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts


expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer receivables. The Company
provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
 historical collection information
and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written
off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2021 and January 31
 2020
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.







realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2021 and
January 31
 2020:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
746
013
    
    
    
893
204
    

    
    
    
88
955
    
    
    
37
764
    

    
    
    
360
243
    
    
    
315
449
    

    
    
    
1
195
211
    
    
    
1
246
417
    
  







depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.


the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements
of operations.







licenses and certain costs within the scope of ASC 350-40
as intangible
assets. The Company capitalized $87
639 of costs incurred in the year ended January 31
 2021 to implement cloud computing arrangements.
Acquired internal-use software licenses are amortized over the term of the arrangement on a straight-line basis to the line item within
the consolidated statements of operations that reflects the nature of the license. The Company did not record amortization for the software
license since the license has yet to be implemented as of January 31
 2021.


 the Company evaluates its accounting
for fees paid in an agreement to determine whether it includes a license to internal-use software. If the agreement includes a software
license
 the Company accounts for the software license as an intangible asset. Acquired software licenses are recognized and measured
at cost
 which includes the present value of the license obligation if the license is to be paid for over time. If the agreement does
not include a software license
 the Company accounts for the arrangement as a service contract (hosting arrangement) and hosting costs
are generally expensed as incurred.







 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 &#8220;
(Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional information
to users of financial statements regarding an entity&#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified
the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter the collection of lease guidance is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks
to achieve this objective by requiring reporting entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially
all lease arrangements.


 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using
the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated balance
sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse space.


expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
 which among other things
 allowed the Company to:


  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  







 the fair value of
a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
 other
than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s short-term financial instruments approximates fair value
due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.







Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020 were $110
713 and $114
626
 respectively.







as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.







 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is
that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
 an entity is
required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in
the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability
of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved
disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
. This update clarifies
the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts
at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017
 the FASB
issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation guidance.


as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&#8217;s current business model
and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In addition
 the adoption
of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported financial statements in any prior period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment
to retained earnings.


from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in
time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized
in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts
billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling
activities as fulfillment activities
 and the related costs are recorded as selling expenses in general and administrative expenses on
the consolidated statement of operations.


consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives
and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction
price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates principally
on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the advertising
 consumer
incentives and trade promotions.


based on the billing schedule established in contracts and purchase orders with customers. The Company recognizes the related trade receivable
when the goods are shipped.


 sales discounts
 promotions
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances
    
    
1
480
097
    
    
    
1
705
076
    

    
    
    
40
758
605
    
    
    
33
750
465
    



The following table disaggregates gross revenue by significant geographic area for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
13
994
534
    
    
    
11
857
813
    

    
    
    
12
780
368
    
    
    
8
523
577
    

    
    
    
4
870
644
    
    
    
5
024
197
    

    
    
    
5
515
759
    
    
    
5
823
215
    

    
    
    
5
077
397
    
    
    
4
226
739
    

    
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    









the production and manufacturing of the Company&#8217;s products. Costs include product development
 freight-in
 packaging
 and print
production costs.







for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years ended January 31
2021 and 2020 were $633
102 and $611
199 respectively.







in accordance with ASC Topic 718
)
 which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance
with ASC 718.


including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated
number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted stock
are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered
have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting
does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based
compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the
services provided
 in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified
as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2021 and 2020
 share-based
compensation amounted to $52
895 and $93
862
 respectively.


 2021 and 2020
 when
computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share
options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which
to estimate expected term.


stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Risk free interest rates were obtained
from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.







of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.
EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through
260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by
deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period
on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement)
and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased
to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued
during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
stock options or warrants.


numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income attributable to common stockholders per common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
503
208
    
    
    
31
949
803
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
513
373
    
    
    
397
664
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
991
789
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
016
581
    
    
    
34
339
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









740
&#8221;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between
financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the
period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of
enactment. As of January 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $744
973 and $0
 respectively
 which is included
in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company regularly evaluates the need for a valuation allowance related
to the deferred tax asset.


by tax authorities for years prior to 2018.


 the Coronavirus
Aid
&#8221;) was signed into law in March 2020. The CARES Act lifts certain
&#8221;). Corporate taxpayers
&#8221;) originating between 2018 and 2020 for up to five years
 which was not previously
allowed under the 2017 Tax Act. The CARES Act also eliminates the 80% of taxable income limitations by allowing corporate entities to
fully utilize NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income in 2018
 2019 or 2020. Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum
of 50% of adjusted taxable income plus business interest income (30% limit under the 2017 Tax Act) for 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act allows
taxpayers with alternative minimum tax credits to claim a refund in 2020 for the entire amount of the credits instead of recovering the
credits through refunds over a period of years
 as originally enacted by the 2017 Tax Act.


 the CARES Act raises the corporate charitable
deduction limit to 25% of taxable income and makes qualified improvement property generally eligible for 15-year cost-recovery and 100%
bonus depreciation. The enactment of the CARES Act did not result in any material adjustments to the income tax provision.







of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&#8220;Affiliate&#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other
person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with such
person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments in their
equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing
trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company;
(f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies
of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g)
other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership
interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting
parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.







 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&#8221;
 
recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been
sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact
on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework&#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&#8221;.
This update is to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial statements by facilitating clear communication
of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&#8217;s financial statements. The amendments in
this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair
value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on the Company&#8217;s condensed
consolidated financial statements.

In August 2019
the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) ASU 2018-15

Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract&#8221;
this update align the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract
with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The Company adopted this
guidance on February 1

 2020
 the Company evaluates
upfront costs including implementation
 set-up or other costs (collectively
 implementation costs) for hosting arrangements under the
internal-use software framework. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred
whereas costs incurred in the development stage are generally capitalized. Capitalized implementation costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the expected term of the hosting arrangement
 which includes consideration of the non-cancellable contractual term and reasonably
certain renewals.


 the FASB issued authoritative guidance
intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12

Income Taxes
new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual periods after December 15
2020
 including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance
on its condensed consolidated financial statements.


but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements.







that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure. Any material events that occur between the balance sheet
date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as subsequent events
 while the financial statements are adjusted
to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.


























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021







Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2021 and
January 31
 2020:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
746
013
    
    
    
893
204
    

    
    
    
88
955
    
    
    
37
764
    

    
    
    
360
243
    
    
    
315
449
    

    
    
    
1
195
211
    
    
    
1
246
417
    
  




Asset lives for financial statement reporting of depreciation
are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.



Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees
 Sales Discounts and Allowances are Accounted as Direct Reduction of Revenues
Expenses such as slotting fees
 sales discounts
 promotions
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances
    
    
1
480
097
    
    
    
1
705
076
    

    
    
    
40
758
605
    
    
    
33
750
465
    






The following table disaggregates gross revenue by
significant geographic area for the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
13
994
534
    
    
    
11
857
813
    

    
    
    
12
780
368
    
    
    
8
523
577
    

    
    
    
4
870
644
    
    
    
5
024
197
    

    
    
    
5
515
759
    
    
    
5
823
215
    

    
    
    
5
077
397
    
    
    
4
226
739
    

    
    
    
42
238
702
    
    
    
35
455
541
    
  




For the years ended January 31
 2021 and 2020
 when
computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted
The following table provides a reconciliation of the
numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income attributable to common stockholders per common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
067
206
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
503
208
    
    
    
31
949
803
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
513
373
    
    
    
397
664
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
991
789
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
016
581
    
    
    
34
339
256
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




























































































































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.




























Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property and equipment on January 31
 2021 and January
31
 2020 are as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
3
787
321
    
    
    
3
176
638
    

    
    
    
113
112
    
    
    
89
443
    

    
    
    
3
120
273
    
    
    
2
933
865
    

    
    
    
7
020
706
    
    
    
6
199
946
    

    
    
    
4
057
104
    
    
    
3
394
103
    

    
    
    
2
963
602
    
    
    
2
805
843
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021











    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
129
104
    
    
    
100
703
    

    
    
    
36
169
    
    
    
23
130
    

    
    
    
309
357
    
    
    
257
763
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
653
    

    
    
    
474
630
    
    
    
389
249
    
  




Supplemental balance sheet information related to
leases was as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
352
483
    
    
    
1
490
794
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
147
684
    
    
    
126
516
    

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
1
218
487
    
    
    
1
372
349
    

    
    
    
1
366
171
    
    
    
1
498
865
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 at cost
    
    
951
656
    
    
    
550
269
    

    
    
    
(260
370
    
    
    
(131
266
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
691
286
    
    
    
419
003
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current obligations of finance lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
190
554
    
    
    
105
126
    

Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
474
743
    
    
    
315
234
    

    
    
    
665
297
    
    
    
420
360
    
  




Supplemental cash flow and other information related
to leases was as follows:



    
    
For the Year Ended January 31
 2021
    
    
For the Year Ended January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
132
694
    
    
    
100
965
    

    
    
    
156
450
    
    
    
92
928
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
599
830
    

    
    
    
401
387
    
    
    
293
479
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  






For the Twelve Months Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
453
199
    

    
    
    
422
164
    

    
    
    
356
370
    

    
    
    
331
193
    

    
    
    
243
633
    

    
    
    
670
902
    

    
    
    
2
477
461
    

    
    
    
(445
992
    

    
    
    
2
031
469
    
  

































































Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.
























































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021







The following is a summary of the Company&#8217;s
option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Exercise Price
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
626
500
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
521
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
265
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
891
500
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
756
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(24
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(6
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
869
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
859
000
    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Outstanding
    
    



Life (in years)
    
    
    

Exercise Price
    
    
    
Exercisable
    
    

Exercise Price
    

    
    
    
    
869
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
859
000
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






The following is a summary of the Company&#8217;s
warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
6
245
331
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2019
    
    
6
245
331
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(188
667
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
6
056
664
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2020
    
    
6
056
664
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
631
733
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
424
931
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021







In order to continue the Exclusive term
 the Company
shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021











    
    
January 31
 2021
    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(184
085
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(560
888
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(744
973
    
    
    
    
    






The Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets (liabilities)
consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    

    
January 31
 2021
    
    

    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
1
212
466
    
    
    
2
071
751
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
48
684
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
293
    

    
    
    
44
133
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
571
046
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
309
    
    
    
41
506
    

    
    
    
1
833
954
    
    
    
2
199
550
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
177
802
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
1
833
954
    
    
    
21
748
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
708
798
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
380
183
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
748
    

    
    
    
1
088
981
    
    
    
21
748
    

    
    
    
744
973
    
    
    
    
    






The expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory
rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    

    
January 31
 2021
    
    

    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021







As a result of the aforementioned correction of accounting
errors
 the relevant financial statements have been revised as follows:



    
    
For the year ended January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
837
447
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
33
750
465
    

    
    
    
11
071
310
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
9
984
328
    

    
    
    
8
873
260
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
7
786
278
    

    
    
    
8
987
886
    
    
    
(1
086
982
    
    
    
7
900
904
    

    
    
    
2
083
424
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
083
424
    

    
    
    
1
532
694
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
532
694
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020
Feb. 02
 2019













128
246









000


000







639









352
483


490
794







031
469


498
865







713


626







102


199







895


862







 2019 or 2020. Taxpayers may generally deduct interest up to the sum of 50% of adjusted taxable income plus business interest income (30% limit under the 2017 Tax Act) for 2019 and 2020.
















Deferred tax asset
 net

973






















599
830









599
830

































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.

























































Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.






















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











013


204





955


764





243


449





195
211


246
417



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))



























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2021



























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees
 Sales Discounts and Allowances are Accounted as Direct Reduction of Revenues (Details) - USD ($)



Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











238
702


455
541



Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Promotions and Allowances

480
097


705
076





758
605


750
465





























































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020




758
605


750
465












994
534


857
813












780
368


523
577












870
644


024
197












515
759


823
215












077
397


226
739







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted (Details) - USD ($)



Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











067
206


532
694












067
206


532
694





503
208


949
803












373


664







991
789





016
581


339
256















































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS)
 resulting from the assumed exercise stock options
 restrictive stock units (RSUs)
 convertible preferred stock of an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 and other dilutive convertible securities.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent
 and includes adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted
 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








001


246













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








787
321


176
638





112


443





120
273


933
865



Property and Equipment
 Gross

020
706


199
946





057
104


394
103



Property and Equipment
 Net

963
602


805
843







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (Details Narrative) - Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member] - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2011
Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020













032

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2016




505









550


131









863
















503


722
















807


















807







Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member]












984









604





WWS
 Inc. [Member]










000


000




















000



Notes
 interest rate per annum














  2016
















844














Notes
 interest rate per annum








Debt maturity date
 description












000














Notes
 interest rate per annum








Debt maturity date
 description












000























Debt maturity date
 description






































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.






















































































Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.

























































Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.




























Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).

























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 29
 2020
Jan. 04
 2019
Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020










864











663



Interest payable
 debt







863












































997
348





000
000











  2022









Interest payable
 debt





032




















500
000






















500
000

































321











Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 06
 2020
Apr. 21
 2020




505
















505











































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











104


703





169


130





357


763







653





630


249


























































































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











352
483


490
794



Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities

684


516



Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities

218
487


372
349





031
469


498
865



Property and equipment
 at cost

656


269





370)


266)



Property and equipment
 net

286


003



Current obligations of finance lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities

554


126



Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term liabilities

743


234





297


360




































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.





















































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of accumulated depreciation and amortization from plant
 property
 and equipment and right-of-use asset from finance lease.




























Amount
 after accumulated depreciation and amortization
 of property
 plant
 and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.




























Amount
 before accumulated depreciation and amortization
 of property
 plant
 and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











694


965





450


928







599
830





387


479





























































































Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
























































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











199







164







370







193







633







902







477
461







992)







031
469


498
865





















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


























































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020




021
141







011
853







400







895


862





773
182














000














895


191





933





Extended expiration period
 description



 the Company extended all employee options for 5 years and director options that were set to expire in April 2021 for a period of two years to April 2023












631
733







588
490







773
182





Warrant [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]








631
733







757







000














000














400





















500





















682














000




















































































































































































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


Options
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance

500


500



Options
 Exercisable
 Beginning balance

500


500



Options
 Granted

500


000



Options
 Exercised

000)





Options
 Forfeited/Cancelled

000)





Options
 Outstanding
 Ending balance

000


500



Options
 Exercisable
 Ending balance

000


500



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance






























































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































000



Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
 Options Outstanding




Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding






000



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable


















































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning balance

056
664


245
331



Warrants Exercisable
 Beginning balance

056
664


245
331



Warrants
 Granted






Warrants
 Exercised

631
733)





Warrants
 Forfeited/Cancelled

424
931)


667)



Warrants Outstanding
 Outstanding
 Ending balance



056
664



Warrants Exercisable
 Exercisable
 Ending balance



056
664



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable
 Beginning balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable
 Ending balance















































































































































































































































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 25
 2020
Jun. 01
 2019
Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020








700











000











817











817











870











801


540



Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]




























































 2022
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a fee equal to 3% of the consideration paid or received by the Company and/or its stockholders in such transaction.





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement [Member]
















000











 2015





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement [Member] | At least $4
000
000 Raised Financing [Member]
















000











 2015 through October 2017











000
000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement [Member] | At least $5
000
000 Raised Financing [Member]
















000











 2017 through October 2019











000
000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement [Member] | $10
000
000 or More Raised Financing [Member]
















000











 2015 through October 1
 2019











000
000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member]














000











000







B. Riley Securities
 Inc [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member]












000











000 upon delivery of a fairness opinion in the event a transaction has value over $50 million ($125
000 if a transaction has a value less than $50 million).





































000












































000






















500
000












































500
000






















000
000

































000
000





































































































































































































































































































































































The amount of loss pertaining to the specified contingency that was charged against earnings in the period
 including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates.




























Amount of receivable related to a loss contingency accrual. For example
 an insurance recovery receivable.































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020




801


540


























000





Agreement Year 5th
 6th and 7th [Member]








000














000














000


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 22
 2017
Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020




 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018
 the lower tax rate of 21% will be used to calculate the amount of any federal income tax due on taxable income earned during 2019.




















177
802)


896

























800
000


500
000



Net operating loss carryovers expiration
 description





















200
000


800
000



Net operating loss carryovers expiration
 description












Net operating loss carryovers expiration
 description.

























































A brief description of status of the tax examination
 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020


















085)














888)







973)



































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020











212
466


071
751







684







293





133







046







309


506





833
954


199
550







177
802)



Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance

833
954


748





798







183









748





088
981


748





973


























































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.






















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.



















































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020
















State income tax
 net of federal benefit























































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2021
Jan. 31
 2020




758
605


750
465





739
309


984
328





150
748


786
278





261
461


900
904





477
848


083
424





067
206


532
694





















837
447







071
310







873
260







987
886







083
424







532
694





















086
982)







086
982)







086
982)







086
982)

























































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+!
M:L


_/3Z]YW<)U


M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
M  F;E%+W
60X/ 0  

MI9==C^(V%(:OM[_0I7:2@.)'6!@!4@,+%VZFBF[JY&52\\B8%H')NUG6'F


M%/E\LG5IH\^;.?KUY]]&GH'7V2 O+-!W.9HTH#%!]U*8O09NQ*+O 1[H+
62

MF7QAOT]?=)&P?3_QX'LELANANPV((LKMDNME HZP--6%WIW)Q[FM![*L)8
MQ+]H]%'R*!8[?0
S(^PX9/9*F;UK9










M='




M
:)XCHA'L





=ME80T]





&



M3YF^\HX]^
G4<4UR.&
MXGF2X#GQ\9.Q4
HL$
V7LM(*=HDK4_29

MC$J_Q8A


4V/8*L-


M8./IPBU=!U)?
-U)0M:P /DSF7/5
DL5GT80\IBQ&$U-:[PY0SW=4(6\8O

MF5D2 3


MW-!8O\:%Y.HN57G2G;%8L)#Z1(*/KDE(8@_00LL)]'%..




,9<X? &G:OQ.Z])L*D38C



3C

OS'7:$;


MJB-^Z_)8-8'56^?^%A8'7A7W?[E+=M8JS1]P6DM.:E0VN_KJX(7Q-8X%


MI


M]C:RT/5?=&YD0S9#FZ
VLFR5@:#

H0(R_B3TIJC0Y*;G/C HQ&WR4T
M9BG#Z0!P+)BF2<!HXN:+.[[8N[I^/0C%ZYR+5RC;6N@[SZI*.JN)U^MGH057
MFWVSAL0)*OG!KEU7!))Q! B.1OX[Q(+(AJYW4\[T-2?'E&!_T7-R3.H?;G=



MG?#C4L\8I90-2Z)#D(2




%LPI6^4U'Z_[GBRP=U-%U
HC 9]BG)&,I
M#8?GK_G5F%@*M:NG9XWJEM*,8-W;;D*_K^?2P?L'F-R;.;LWTXS]'[G:Y95&
MA=B27P;P[Y4S23=/!AYJ(?1-4PSLJQO]X)G0ED!^'TKI;D\V ]T_\]8_0M0
M2P





?$FO+:?TB&0DD24$5E_/9$*R







6TS
![*V.&7MB
^@X3
P\EE76E'1^DXZ

2
M92B@Z5! LQKH


M
7)[&-P/@- \ 9[#H#'#NO.



1)E3I5_+


*-R

MMH&



8T5YQ)E\&!E/@--@Y
MTXDMX=2DYO)MJ.#'5
$ ?8\V+&818QXB 1V@X4-N- );IJ+4O&_*W FV%)V

M4:
I8]
MC1'QXUYNLPE+PR]8

!QP?
MMM0 W=QP7;(-Y2E@KR8X!S 2BQF#
(!Q%Z5%D* H&G+UEB.@_[']WM WL]F5

M?8JMX=H$/2\.!M(U;+D%NLG%E I5]7:]0[.M$M.&9JWX^QR@SCRB=?%;Z&D
M)(@B@?PMWP#HX-*JOGBV\7J@)(*MI0!W9Q16:D*'=T1@0?^JFTU3!6P3P)C

M2:M60_699QP0&)%N4G)C^ DG:#D

SY7K<V=J_[

B-Q

8H8YB[M5_0K&6B?&!



M[R)W;PY



M%&


]U!%:GV:6OR

 H'3GA(2W7DO:/3OYZXY#^.NJ5X4+KR8.94Y(0I4T46[7


5*!( %D?M-.D

MIEOGUZ%DCO2U


3Q^WZ._3[$CEH4*?.7
K[J(Y47_39\*


M0AS'+WJ\UU;97M#=]AD%&@,]-OE(D2/$OO]&49G!T9GB='9_Y:3?\!WD6E


M

MOSFS/P%02P

W6?-I=U/CTS,_2YIOL]+F56GJ;/73D^OAU?,)/<\/_O/[FWP
MMZ&=+*KJ
WUXD_[T9$ $946V;&B&!/^[RUYD14$3@8P_=
XG?DD:&/[M9G_-

=
&*Z92&F\F72)#__6%?WIJ:G
1O]
MP5OET2 N+^E0;IL:O^88U_Q\*X=AJI6YS==EOLJ72=F8Z^6RVI=-7J[-357D

MW&SXL]*QJW-
NRLP=IV569T4Q0/]GNT:&=N DD]E3I]N:66F]7J;U=B2.?OW

M6+=7W9=8QNX7-D_SI 9[^N:Z**!=#=;#WO
2?RQU\(I:$O!LA':1.V*P$7
MHJS(H:*)[J7E*![K@^-^[Z#K1?BC.X 4Q@YCOWT4NML(_#O:+1[(&SKKQ'^%





M3IX&$W_S]&)8CASG%&R5QN1III:/!'


M$51J:U)P'#RKRHQHWU8USF+?[&LF:95#V(GE=W(UVQ=\4WQ$*NUP\8+\- 

8Q\;C8V W@0!K/FPR
M[B7^38%+($7


4G)6[QMMLGB9$[




/1W]2./B7VYCIPVD_J(

M._M:&==LZBR#_6'(#DM4D.B#Y 6$A18D4P__(':HHPD93$Y9'3U%%AZ0?4_@


/F7948N(4L59& 8


M(ZAEOV/MJ;
[2@ZHYH:T)\=\B:$[H*1FPZB;)KW/2\E_D*5@XTPP@MWRL3WL
MLB+-R







AJ1.W25*Y2&6+HAC&[H_O7F
' A\N?DO*'X
ML49X3+:*L!_-4@

MPD/);@




M3G-V%CO2Y(8M?)DZ=T I4





5E.Z1]RL6&O-5[
M3K



+E*^%G/!SDO&[CJUR2.'%8EJ22:5D8(@



@G*NEQ

]5WUNPHFL$:KLX4KAAIQ $1\:OI[ IU[R@C
MCNWZ2N$CY5R.OG *E8\.2\IL42S1:&G'&6NI

MJ%L^.+*WK-D@
*VH1
OEH1:H4H'
!XEBVDGJ-%6AR6_;

MTHR$/ #V(N\B


6HN=M




B[:O[
+A?!;]1C^ B<,I]C?'7Y<8-!I.9<Y[^74PF\5C\&D2CQ#RS,;SZ&/5
M<+^+[/O1@^'(AWLBF:?NDXMI- ]IU1.)6#%2<PFF**CT.T,-+.G:C^B20&X

M0.:'.%.=R^&5 6;'X:[3;7\W'O.MI&V@

1T8FF58+U



MMS6LIQ[EZ21N.E[4%T3$PW*G']VDR(NV3Z MA(MW7NN)UIS?D_)D].WR)&=/
M$?=G'L$(LK(!#6U5@INH
ANT_7)1A8(=8A

B*-8H-
MHEX?VX7Z)N7*7


FY(%
MUJ
V%9I;.L?-L31;07#50O*0DD?D2QH?:\X:/^ACOM*^VU$?\J+P+@IAI8O
MS=FO









M;]3WO--\^L%!TS18D P'3 GW1K77_(+XH\4H72$*2O4M= \E2[N

AO
XC
M7#AL^X[B X




H]!<7)<RA\[
E#CY&(
W
XOI71TPBL 0[NX9*]4Z<

')Y'=F
M?^G.!O-+ZY&KR


MJ58';D^JV(PYI1(JW@BS%
F]9K+D(CAO
G(W-K


NOF+&


!W






=EJ+CZ]IT
[
MZJ3WBO77?-3^0,DLSB36V 




:M5CU=1XQS
M[N#




SPG]NL@1PB1[
M[ZL*9ZD?: '_;LN?_QM02P
$%     @ 9N44LX];_E @  3@8  !@   !X




ML$24QF/'Z?0A+?!8?F:_:FJG6NZYQG-9?
]3DRV=J0
I;GE=F%NY_XA=/6/+



M
(203:83%A+(ROXD9G$X'5S52N2FMG'(_RH_6%F#[Y
+W9GIC$51./B
-%B9

M2P

M965T
=446*4F(WEC4CV^TTF:CVQ/TX='J
MB)6(!@088&E&_SX+D&*5-%9[Z(7$Q^[;MV^!Q:*U[ITO$0D^5-KXJZ0DJE^F
MJ2]*K(2?V!H-[VRMJP3QU.U27SL4

MU?3E]3S81X/?%+;^: PADXVU[\+DE;Q*LD (-184$ 3_'O$&M0Y 3.-]CYD
M(8/C\?B _F/

7VL[V
\=\@C[RY09'DK2P7SK;@@C6CA4%,
M-7HS.6541[(\:YB/UJ^

MBQ[VNH/-GX=YKVADH//QB)\E. E#D.1/

MZL\3?.8#GWGD


\3 B:5]


9?5.C)J&O[PB3?.S
1? UQA[LMY/1JLH


U$JI(9&JKI0%

M+U%H+@4HG)SW+L-W5[%=[Q;\P7&N-Y[!
DFD_&0''[+S7F #P@)38Q$8_9OA

\]


M&



M
60UON;I^?G1AP\B)9_%1%'H-S85X?'IY51JPX5T.$]D^R2-)


MPD@1

MUB(^A(KDSX2H2\]FC.18VQ)3FFXHL#*AMZNX-S'G!$;G';7*YYJZD!2

M&E
@'7%O(QW_@ALCG5

'I!&O:0_A:;
M0T=MM0?8#HN&_FBTJD3LAQ9LT[4=-5UNI(N )7*&W63E6G^K

@?

LQ0F2





MG.L

(NO($74.'BE2BK=Y_A1.A;
M.
Q092G%39*3
M^YL5@N:XR^E+QX&$1X^?3BYO(9*U0YR4UNH#&YQM9B)59,S1$\X-=:*.A6
MS (M[,90AAH9P&<BI:EO<Y%*18E%TM%PJIC/=&;K4 0'^L\5%::D+EK)9 A
M!_I$48128/+-%%_]







0
M2SHB^1?O/&$%;VJ(IN\RX8//QYIR'

'B

=MMD8EYY*W2Z2AV1P/!92+L(6O
MEX5



S6C=A5/D_/O6D_



Z_.TT69G2T2)RF4
MG44E4749QS8O43)[IBM4;F6CC63D0K.-;660%4$D19PFR=M8
JZB^33
968^

A=E?+FEE<:?&5%U3.HHL(MRP6M];MYC5\_$\W(M;/B%
MILU-SR/(:TM:=F+G0'+5?ME3=PX'@HOD!4':=+@N]THN+QFQ.93HQLP/MO1
M_4&M3.'%?^3WD@XU:YT]$\

4[C3








M_=7LA;#LKJX:\WJVM[:]NKPTQ5[4W









M'2*GJWO9[/Q^AAQW&[U60H!M9;^L)-_(2EHISO0&:E/)'7=)!N4U_SIH:/D]
I[XY\;\KR1QHZ:]JHJ
MH:4)U'8K\%<C$.XH.FVH%RGR6AWT]E7\V*/F.I[MQ)_=+(E'='LL[!<YD
















MVV7GUES1A)3DWY\_F$[*\!L



_\3+299F%Z3)B

;?

$[&5XCCA^M2-V$(0$8$A.%





$

M



3
M *JOI?/;=]WWWX5PFC=*/IDT\%P*::9!86UU'88F*[!D9J0J

M4


M-9URJK.SI9(92JN9\\A
0DN8[B3



%7G:ET(BO].7R8@CQ

T#S70$CC6XLYZH_4BL/G#OU'8SO:LB2WO#\*\O4^G(T'4%&EZ3.

'6/*/BM@F]X


YKM TR04L_+[WA=^Z\B_D)*


MV

M;


M$A9 5BM!5T1I
9Y2FF&MHJ07VJ'KOJ )QVGV-6\Q*6L44KQ-V8X6+FA:K2F.



X



M)X)NX#OK-EU*ZAH95E?;I@
[POB$


M5=A2*5ZWL A6^.O YZ94=L;L;.W

Q
M+K9P7Q&!

JJ%B9^Q[.$%Z7JKD4]:O]

MJK@9'%2Z#G_E7=3#8
.SZ0



M+Y6LC]N&J1:J
0T!2DY.E<OQL]I)5 P\1*SHV@S2(
M#<^Z)Z-]ASQ

!.VG(B?:_$.
M.JT6('/) #=\-[HPH)H0@70!QAF!\ND%QI4FE+?&!M=H*TL!;0%(*  &



MX U2=O)P5(]=W#$V'3X_FSR[G(YY)E/?2AU0D-@FS6W(7



%BEU 7
M;@+6$8*Y(3
.0VC(



:@?.&W!_4Q7K/J6#'(U+H9[.5)=S[

$=+Q)054860?XL125DA[A
Z%-H3G [WM[G&]_G94
M0PU6DA:0F7P^4YA]^@$#Z720.:Y:KQ<E!PDW6;8I^'&C%\2II'KWZ
C%MNT






M)\.4R9K_5
H\++Q:I6;_O:;\YD9*4M3Y
7LP$IHB%$?8_CYE\*MBHX%E6TXA

 +J6C?;8?J-@ \TUD_CQQVMQ%!$HKDO0HQ*D

MNN[RQZC:@%53YU9N)^)(/Q$:&0_]DY*(G

MH&PR:(!FDIH^ \QJIUKU8!5@F&KPI@44C%&BSMO
F_4.4=*M^^S.X'45&4
SD)2T



M-9#MI0[!G=3



\B-[?]AY/RAFG)=
35R
F]-



M!W5?-JSA^MQ


\




)[C*Q+*

3MA$
T,<A08!,/60?ZJAKN]Z':M4\Y_D\)SO


RS?1LNA\_-E'3M QKAU




7A
G
MM]/I] 
D0A(:DM %0

ON

M9HQ

MA^MU_J3$][Q)VB+69[FV1/R1KV=(R=O]-_M?/-HE*FU8+]XWINK 8S_OF$

=8PM606BY:J


MWNQ8+3AQ!M* INQ
A5D1-T800NL=[WW)-#D)@D?CT\2%[4@Z2EK9+DC$8!-Y
MR6T$Q#P[Q1J#\H(HP@:W4(N+ &0(O(

B9U?)9/_'F=#YA916L3D_HUP

M3=/._P7I)*V2M416$:(6%50C^:W0#8S^*NY$TY)72L%N0R\;%3DS:]56CCTH


=GL6.N;D6?(.1S+^1#+X0Y







MN'Q7OOD80DIM@!)/W'




OT




M?(=MZ(-HX 





M8N
K:U<H SX5S//_F_3?;UFX

M)LFL8&=I
IGAY4T__CY$F+/I))G05==HE








F#5JK^*YXW/.PIY-$!A62CD'B_
G1J_ L#2A\<'ZK7).:DX*0_.T*XD/7=^CT_2$ZPKN#-2&_@3
MA8$/4@E52-' @Q,.*0O.GHX=&62U<;$!O^S!DP/@<0*W6KG:PK4JL7P),9/


M1R X.11&9:E9D1&#3Z@Z#&B]E)8.B]WA;*+P)



MV34-T@CF\Q!N*=F&DBZ-=%-;;JD*0DQRG554>#V5


M9/H*9!;.:)S

M







M
N'PPJCOLJ!J&9U&4& I6D4WION 0S\GGB\WRH4O=#TV?1-!WCHR]9#




Z39

M?\[P

5G0PC)_.CEB]



3GO/?0;WK]$

MRR_XX5WZT[


M
9E!/M]4VNBB3E JNSCY'=.H3UNM5F5A@/(TJ76JUEF1%*LLR96!1S3H46U4

9KD
9Z2Y^%-_LJ@VGW
M.8S=Z$)729[?X^]Z7_/8&BCY7&3X:8$K$ZW7.UV!8*FS__ZOR]%H\
/GA?KE
M^OJ&/@U_.(^0

M\%C_A Q
G0Q








WI_E3$0)?UZ!078=\@HBQT?E0
MN@](8)GE:%MAL$ER



8







MH
F\040$'NGR

M[FL4]!.B(18,$@6HKZHE2#6*&[))?V.OA$D!5C@HS/MD&Q8DG!Y5FI7M(
MEX@#Z T M%80BH]KM%YY=DLI-(.A)GT@Z]81-@99'9BD+@(=G$5O4]66UBS




0(
ML/HL\W[68/0AN]I4M_A-[+([M:LFAA
5[M02/#7

^7V!Q)3M)\!



0-\K:EIZZO(J&??4;Z)+A.@C





XI/7.
)
M1T
I9I@Q B3W;X_C)-]\$7#X2/%.*/KH+7TGOT[.TIT:ZI@:$=7[A
#4Y$$P

TXHT86I?XS$
M\<LUV'A8A4$CN667'6OR_  7!I#'IL6NV=P3+.*Q^U9'S1$4BM@T<L&+,@'
M




JI=FQZJPS8X%BJ[#P31 ^I




M7B$62YR'Z:O/+A1!;?'8&W100XG=PT!=:5ALR;T?UOQ?Q&U%[L^.;! :R-
MTP'NE_C(MXE/:R5^02PUPT4'+F!'3W!ZH


M4&^P6&80_BP1G6)G5P_K8#1HGR?WP:)D_V[+'&B1;B[_6]_YKD.R.=XM 45
M'MW!26#M#IE!4ESZX)EE*J)6%\XLR4RGUJ&*9::.B
98#M#T:+%V#*0+E+N



S63P&/DWB
M$<2(L_$\^E36U')^W[P8$Y61'TWT_1QB0J2Z_Y8#ICH&\8K^PG&_=)CM^(
M.V39)KAH\Z=1T!5FK1E J@8[PYI*4':7!;'.K\!JG5$\GT8R\<VTJ2Z.L#7


MW
?!8(NC\MGP

09%-]##2@2WBRZ:VST8.

;ZF0A

CEK3.T.(
M3!-O)(B5G2+#28.M+W3
A'/CI\1_
;:2R$TL48A6[WGD9$8Z&=
X*'!VW15[
M

_A2=*060YOJ
M_ K<#Q)KSSLJ]SY6@AFR/*G:-3S3$@%GYLC^FP8;C#I'B8W,TU4.M$;DD@
M%TF?Y)J:M=+4LTQF&!.I[K97B]A^F^=\7IP,0[U %):3!Z%\

M*2#?S9GIPRO!/E$.T!-[\W#NOD)I5L?2;!A0EDO.#G-VERY;?JHHEW\OC[FV

MME'PY45
ZK-22#0G!YJ3V92]!3M%MTB;* KX&SMPFHMO PY!IVO5+AC1PX
M9M
24(1SG ._N:







MW-$4#82@HJ=(!
?FW&T#PT:#X24U^2?2KE;0CS_\*]WKWO#.6 Q\*[;&6/




M+!JCVA?W*&RV




MUK:QU%7CLF4?L1]C




M*_^:4&L^K.H2LRZ/W)G$'\6K<) 1<9 A[?@0E)Q?X7WD*NF]


@\<E:[8@R7M'61A%'TF/)CWAB
?)K?B

T3XUH_E7



'B




X$GW7



Q2DG8+4*TB_Y6=D4U&7DAS]
MJ7J4E=,&2G;Y<J\@2M*I78N9/.TAZTTC[)W]DHB$T8RZX23!1..N:5D2#QI
M2/%



[L6$W


MZB4=1A@

EI!J&HBR@QCW

U1-=PZ/MXU\D*N92EP53((9^]%HM^X$=_7#



E58A#P=
M9?N*1-Z1*S^87, J%@LC%^X98V]+2/8P_.;IOV3U LCUB ^.T=YW\67O7IW
M\^7SFRKN?







M193]\J^_)XA4BV45T&A0-W6&$#UN$5F/Z


 S:4'S0W*?NW/C908#= (*%(&%&;A( Q9'S_IA/V=18




:9V&!6K@IS<;]V

&D O
7'CL3Q-+B7
M_J7D'(U6SJ6A_.T#\&_KIN=F*
])CLE[DO
1!O
OPC39A41 W4;G'4^^!Z4?
M4*Q%' HJ&=COOQYX3T4_=OQ(X)MHQ+-Q1)=)

Z@Z8III
M7OJ[N]TGD_/F2\'+]N9[RXTPX40E'*.H^$@Q]N$:;YA- NGU_Z[P0/&)KWR
MEVB8HMMP/.YUFZ[( 7=AZ2S_P)02P

C

MU


PD!ATP;

\E@_LU[9VK&7#%%P(_K/
=3%W4H?DL&4MU[=B

M7C+-%C


M^?-;3BHCS-78Q#CZF8]X:HC#-XA] -R(VI=*')5YY_)' QNR'%X)#B*CC)
M^(75YR3T*0F\P#_!%PXEAY8O_$_)E*PYPUI?5OYKN5%:XF/Y?2)4-(2*;*CH

SDZY=S1D*:I D-$61D/XEI
M'*:CZU;6I6Y-'/2_+I^


E$6^MN







2J/WU5S
GP-

MZ9SL1?R#5V
4!A@1GP1[\

M
CT[N5









N-D(E\4!Z)I*XY]3CSSK*L*9LVCO-A^AT2ZH.)/CIAP&$BU*

29AU
7G59.MWQ1FLL3Z36#3J+^O'M^'M#_5P\N
MN%ZA2T@P%X0KJ+GJYZO=[B'?)GE6VSXI./;408\X'NE#.PX+5Y4AN_/\3WG

M#^O3;M?R9R*!;(\ICF(?




GF?9E



M:AMPTNP-Z#9HNLU#T0=:&EM)%$AJ3CY^QU2E\A=6^L^Q+Q
G/F\'AF
HL]

DL+N.%$5'E.^?


WDD7W<MBX.(-
MN7ZH4OE
QE_H)@/Q=F%*#*$
S:B!NZSAG!-PMD
^LD(F@EP7

%!+%6$%Z*D$2P-K#(!_!&





0%N&!B,:?%C/J2OK$X_,!
M_6/03EHVS.)BQ\\=\4DNHX@QRVKA%OI_2=L]8P\7J:%#?^P;V(OAQ%DE75:

M2UD[0V\YY;GI0DO)'77966 JAX56CJL=JHRCA7=?V4:@?3^.'=7R&7'6XLX;


-)1%-KT3QB-/VL

MLN*?[O3Z8!W079[!A]X 3$X\Z#Q*SI

0




M;^

#7N$/)60F59+PB N87@TOO[K6](;@$X.U





=5X\ZBET[35-#?;_3=@85S)F&'R9A:$^2 FTK.QB+I8
M1-\=BTX1[?]+*0'=8M1E=

M9-I('Q8[T2.KC162M



T6[JY9 MK[=D BU


G$CB+7^D2+NA%.
MM9LIA@&U'B)!DMBIZY/1SNL=E$TJ



M&33=F@S;7C4B34YC)'7-88JJ6G&QL806SR3N*XT&2+-F:JFWCQH=W
?:MCTJ


4!!-[54'3-T5/M0'Q2RRH&Z-DRB:!IV
MC M_.7?O-FHYE[UIN<- MUW'5

#V^
6S1^'
MC:)3.+)4O$.AN12@L%[XJ_AZG5E]I_ GQZ.^D
%&LI/RDSV\KQ9^9!W%DMC
M&1@][O &V]82D1N?3YS^:-(+^4S^UL7.\6R8QIO9/L7KTRS\ L?*JQ9WYI;


J







MGC.YO85

MKQU[ Q)72HN\

?)N9


]R*8
MEG&E2A;#]0![@@*YAL&4=7F_^.\M%O0_1[0_P$4B6$5ZH2D)
I[S[D!K
MG)'%

2!-A)XW@#0WLKT[+
MH4[FB46OB(Y:HJ
3Q5!RS3+^+V8I%JH[2:

M*2!
*=!=KL=O7%

MU!]%!T3?KD.B83@*NHE&+=&HGR@6%Y/QBK BP?&TQKE;XA35!)YQDBOHHAR]
MI4*=
3U


MHY1&1^J4[DTRVDMTOF(2+HP(

U\L*1

M&A+Y\OMO)$9)L$45NF$RL4M$FF*K.'3#S,=PWI&$B'MJ+TDF(Z2;4$J5#9;
MLH33 7T@+*@PC!XH0&[LB95::!-%A3311!'0Q+_D&EA-M^X*[,*@RGPM(%
MI78PS=LS#ZUMX*1!2(M

MP[0.T2C@FLFI[3\!W&Z]9%PU.[[;P_BX7\RK&W15AHD\9T^(];W 91R3#//
M2RG68!L77I78'_:W#2MNR0V$21\-+K;8\NS4NL QBW8H-PTJ=3#_U%4INA1
M6

M77T



?]Z7]02P
$%     @ 9N44ML,PUMX @  7P8  !D   !X;]W



MW-DHM;UV79EOH
9RPK? ]$K)18V5GHK*E5L!N+FFKJ!YR5NC0ESLM0^6XHL
MY3M%8.E0')7UUB\WP+ES=SQG8\'3Z3:*// S=(MKF %ZGF[%'KF]E$*4@.3
MA#
DH)P[-_[U(C%Z*_A-H)&#
3*5K#E_-9.'8NYX!@@HY
I$P/JVAP50:@)I

J

$7S6$G2&TA;9DMJP[K'6
MMX@8=0ZFAG8WEBWKH8P\Q972NA5HGTJ6[5O#_$2K4C%2$ERS!2ZR7.^8XJP

M5[


3='%/




H.@DYH2+H=[UMHOI=61A&!4X4Z()SHIZ'R.2J%\3!QG!+%[EQAK#?79(%


)Y+QC$YZ






(X@;$4
M)M=P*3+

M[[6X'R.?H?H%?V!

G\ S

=R/NX


M:&5E='

%,
MP$01O2E+JOX.@<M=SPN]O6'*EBMC#7Z_NZ9+F(%Y6D\4[OR&I6 E
VD( H6

UL4KF4C[;S4/1\P*;$'#(C66@^-K#BW1)C&GYK3
M:T):X.%ZSW[OM*.6.=4PDOPG*\RJYW4\4L;KB9RMT7J/6DEB^77+LGV=6^
M@4?RC3:RK

36TWU5R

E'
L



M]_-:Y;!2&9U1&4;D40JSTN1.%%\)?Q9$W=HGW=AM%%QJ]4W) X;)$HB
(3

WZE^_1K



J1%7HZ\#(/%3A\TK?B\57
M: W%EB\7E7*_:-'&!A[*YTJ+N@4;!37CS3]]:1.Q L#)#@!I 60=$.T AW


Q@]NO]7D8!6F<)4'<]Y]7=6\&AF$:!U&R
M#'RG

-3S8=MJ1IL?93C?=D#0+PB1;L[T9F
4DC--TN^NL


&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,T+GAM;+56;6_:,!#^*Z=(DS9I)2^4TE: 5&BG;1(2
M*EKW8=H'DUS PK&9[13X][.=-*55,)W4?4G\]CR^YWP^WV KY%JM$#7LL;5
M



MHB:4J4^#4!M3[89A6ILUKLQ*CI@5)S 57*\4W/$

M+RP_;RP_]_)

M&W[BQW=ACT0JCZ1^(ZG_-DF/@A%-&=4N5Y3F5DJVM_G!I*ATW2;13QQUSKNM
M1^6'Q4G_1!Q?-LHN_7%



SG0NBGCMV@J4E'?P%02P
$

M


D 5A.;


MI^I.[('CFXV0.=4XE%M7[270U#KEF1MX7N3FE'%G-K%S2SF;B$)GC
-2$E7D
 !\@R@X0\_JE G7I-



D\247#-^)8L









V+GAM;(U4VV[;









DEXTP[:GUWGZX)^Y.

M8V

,Z!J(L\9<;3-EV8KG6ZXL'LLZE?F$GXPJM\0++QVK.U<SN



M4G^1!)_!0O5+5E


E?US


M$

&







2@6SE?_:C4W\3;@%X%6[HV1R23E_-E,;O*%XQE!0%3


M%2(
Z@@.Z5I#-4.B?H\#S_1'X<AK^ [
=/!B#KXZ'

M-59*E/$J)0R;EV/




%/


&
M?FG@[QFP0S






MA3)-L4NP9\*OK3KHZW+!:C'


ELY2IN(;(AL

M#7LIL@8K=9/U2!S1FGK4C;V?WB#

((%AV.M44G=K/QDQ9Q4JR7![2*B

IX79U
$BU \A@-8&9F\#.M-R(XU)30Y2Y(?KJQKWH<#CN

(UQ$*'[*K/&C
MWWX(#4Y=XFM

?X#
WG-_<








M-..Q(I^9E

M19[JIMD4\)Z%F]V^&N.PJ[K@W0@Z/I^%?5*5[?2U6W5]00R(;$INPJ2F-E
M\'31I*^@Z;?HVXWP?=KO=YL%^I5 OU7@3:I!@M(D8QLVB^$
V\*L
8/^086[
M$5ZP3U^OTM=KU7?W$TNRGY_(%4N?R9]WD
Q _M52
/V*MW^X8'BJM
SMYL0L
M)$V;J)W%(QM@4K7H&51Z!JU


MWES]]G!

M_RS.T5!$+DDFN#$F&RL!%]/D4R$]@:\Y=KOJB5BA]_1=DHA4+U5;RZ?;GD_;
MF_ZAC] )W6WIP;!KOI]?U8]3.W^8X^4=DPNL#A+#'''N^0 )9'%B*VZTR.R1


!#]

MSIES!H^SHU0[O44T\
J9T

MENH$3](@W$S1$
HT/!&EB&OQ+7RV0?JZ_/




-=/_]S@YD




M:=2I^)F*:Q*'[TD41&$+T.S_W8
.G+A):^STXNZT_KQ=:*.P5']U:/8:S9[3
M[)W1O 

M8/8;S'XGYB=A0($V!FY*QW.Z()Q9ABTTM9RR0%&G(3)\ CVUJ*PSAH9TT:

Y$=B-ZE+(
MI#9M
0Q.2K&7]I*#WULCGIK%@V'4&QY!^@?W80EJY=J$QLW7PM172K/:=*);
M=P$?K4^Q0]4-Y9]

MH*P!?E]*:?83NT'3MR=_ 5!+ P04      )FY12//WS+8L#  !XP  &0



M9F&#*0\6
W?O02YFHM.
$M6
M1#^U#]+

MH

MFWNB


Y2E

M
MJ&N*/M#BA. :93#.X8348Q?%IMC/E'HYHI8_E%I.O&DM3RBR,D+%-*VG9DE4
M0AC[62/X?3^K^LV:T:W+J7*;DD;RMTN]/^TGH'AJ(I+F*;3WN.S@ZE9DC
J
M#W;=Z*+*]X=RE%L+J[(Z%?^#+6AX_]'ZY.8WW3
\=G&4FAYT1N'W73-KVA



K&'K_&PO?@'4$L#!!0    (  F;
ME%(4BPFOA@
  

MVV[C-A#]E8'0 @G06C=+M@+;0.(TZ!9=)(B1[D/1!UH:6\1*I$K2=O+W)2E9

S.B9K+CXJO
$16\E@634R=7JKIQ79GF6!(YX!4R?;+B


M6@UEIHP+)?0IU7YJ]COJ'$CX&1:Z0;)-@<!7L-A458&Z6(H4,<RAP==;B L

+J42NIO_ZL$<MIA#BSD\@?E8H=!586M(3=56NFH25H*7
MP-N3PL;M*DB-'5EL\_IO9WX8Q,EPXFX/T]1AYGE)'+5F[ZA'+?6HE_H#982E
M7=17]@1[B-?(\2&C*!Y&WA'QCV9)D 3C;MYQRSONY?W\^ )$2E02^%*W/=.O
M F6 KVE.V!I!OR@U<R@H6=**HKR!AXOJ$=O8'._W\B*I#AU] 4N46S1F4%7

 ;Z?
6YVB]
@'9ZG_T#

M:&5E=#0U+GAM;(V676_:
!2&_XH5[:*5UB:.\T$J0&JIJFUJ-536[6+:A2$'

:QA*I




3@]OP=1 H3
T

MH3%]-2].*W0/3PV34**'N@2)G!9]GW*VH/:=*'1R#9HRKDY-P(?)-3KY=-H/



MS/.Y$/IM8L^/[O_\]02P



#ZXU%:S64F6V\4T(_I1JG9A%G
3 EB#%5
MHM=7H C-)/I
A(EMX

MZ6^KG/N=C)\(&Z  OT6^Y^





M@;NOCJ
-/?;8XMT=@D]_B40]G.
V8]R]ED3K6=E.32(KOKKWFVC3#5[:'NA9

MH)\O.5?;B4G0]

W;
M^&K@&$200*2



MM.[OP



MUMXJMS1)$*1YPI\!ZL+3#2?RT#-0(9$60A0SG32E'VX6J55: TD-3-J^(E

K:(QU*76O#*J=]3K7-O):=03V^7S2TF+Q[ *;K0/V\6O
M





MBJ?%Y1)H#

$%     @ 9N44DZ=GI: P

MV :DT8


D) 

MXL1!VUW J'H.XP/.


L4Y-15&M-,YL8%TB)'LX@^0&ZYTRE


M+ JB4[



C7A1FYQ##-''_H2



W;
Y^Z

@J4CBH@_=85<&/E=3O+J6]X)UG:A&\A75R3L)7G\*





WHR/




M8JDP7]C:N]V^ U$I)
OVPHI!1G

M;8'KVPI-3XRI1EJ1H[E^E87DZI0J.3E:2!;=)RR-D8NW

M@MON.^VE$*2/*;Y&M0 TT?D$15DF2*\NT9):K.!JY4G#2R&^WU3ZS^X(1^
M/X ;ELM$P#2/
7X.XIC*HN@T63H!'Q


M.4UI1F6=@RUTST#K)-R


M=DW1W:OLZKW.KNDA &8Z %YL0*\F*+OU+N]7U/JO#('C&M04 OU7A8#O/=5.

MN%*B2I7*6&[;EUU(5IB6L612-2 S353+1ZXOJ/
58_*PT JJGXC1;U!+ P04



T.7N'@'3L$)QS\PL$WH+DR@W6#)9Y-.-LC
MKJU5-/U@YL9X*YJ4ZF5\D%R]396?G#U(%CTFC

M!D&+[NY.BQR_G'#?Q M.QMG\\M6HEIG-+U!9K#.J54/:H]23-H&GF\LA

ML&M3/BB5#SHIOT!_Z?_C;95K; VAL^F5V. (II9*EP+X#JP9:MI.[X]38PQ+






YG;)[9K[-;Q6\


M6W/_I

[&))5:


M5AO&RMU@+0S?][RF
*(JC @-XS
D39(*;4M@G83Q!7U(65T044T0@V-_6!]$
M7 41MP=A&8\^$=L+Q6E:;(

M
YD+8\.:*Q $999D3#-@[=KN#+:.0F/APW-&5;1#/%HY)*FLX&B^$6.N/P
MY-CSJY57FVK[MF@0QE%#@
=5@
=H@/=SJ@P59$3GW$#/[EF2*VZ LP[)Y\\C



M U#!Y)%PK?

M%]!K9I6= +%E

MA%$PQ!A%A::K67 
.U-

UD.EZE!P-T
M
EO/Y@AKC=

%-%^
%UU(5X9)KL6ZF-O()16/MLN
MWQW8SW
:^44*F-US
;9[C\!V-+-T6=1])52U8(JW6!\9&7PGDCZNDLVQ






M %?1W;':ZG #J\



+K0QZ

M-#;HLG2Y =TA4A!'^2%.^3LSP&6+P]JS7%5V2H04[]=6ML!/@X@FX*\[D]


B*D'#I]


^Z5%RQ![A
MQ-ZAJZ6'KEV-'(5'.(77I$B?.Z?H6#K6;I+BMND'* YKGUO@I-HD6/8*2%'

13CFO4MX1N8Z/HA_FHVB;C_V.D**.A!2N]T'4=%
JW8#=VE!3CE-2AX/'V


[_!5!+ P04      )FY12PED]Y/X  Y0


BYX;6RM5EUOVC 4_2M6M(=6VIHX
MX;.2W=M$U0F7=-$U[,,F%6(WMS#90_OUL)X2T!0022&VXW-\SG5R?0=K













MF6IW=GF .+[G^-P/7YO)3IMO=@/@V%

_0JU0T/B2[6T_IOM*MOA(&!I:9W.:S JR(6J
M?OE3'8@#P#AZ!9#4@.0%8)\ NC7@/Y; 8
:

I
1?L

D+SS+^<Z+[AZ9CEP6QIB0P6X5\#0@!SCU@*I<MY^!1D8+AF6
M A!Q?W#68X^G[-@'LC(EB@,0T7D@2DSB,[2QN6%6J
/WM# 92WD4/BI'/RF



M/SLH1PWEJ)/RVY O&S0:8E+;6UN&6





M!DX7_C:YU [OIOYQ@_\WP) !SJ^T=OL!75;?SSOP%02P

M;]HP%(;_BA7MHI56$A(^L@HB%6BU3JN$RKI=3+LPR0FQZMB9[0#[][.=D%(&




M[ FZ@Q



MF')9D _;Y92?U8_VH)T6M]&R(WHD0=Y P!1-2R%TO8X5H=7 '![7LL Q






M-($E $+*_0@)2B)2+5 'RF94485!8EN)J (9?*-UOTRG:;G]X
?*7Q&2_^
MO

=R!D7P /
MYA)KSE3H;H1#'




LT%'&XQ!P6BF_L/6#&E;Y5V

M
90&@
MT+&D3Z\0JGJ


Q
8YV&CD\V/6 %ZA)2SE%;4K\&U84'D^#Y5VS1@(
MT]:-Z\:-Y!TWX@0]<*8*B6Y9!MG?!*'6U E+7H5=)T[&3Y@%:!!?H1*XAZ'
M5O\/CQSN#+HX#RS?X-]QOB$RI5S6 M#WJZU40A_E'PX3P\[$T)H8OF/B:8/N

.C4C)]5&F1-&FK I



0D!E9
1&#@;!)#ES*)IVBJ9.HL^J ($JT!6Z9R@C.C7

8GA2S$L3.UGB)4EXSU3S_W6K71ES9





MYE*


MEJUA ?KS]EZ:


M0(*1!-HDT-
$?R3!:Q*\JM&:K&KKEFDVGTIQ0+*
-M7*@VINJFS3#2_*V[C0

?=



MBH




'+/+52#WX
R1;1/1F9+:36FWA#WY#5R=0:G=H&^SB+WH




MFS 0_BN(3E








TK
MX5Y\LSZG!6FYOAO U-^.KVG.VBH95MU (OI5V_%7V%X8#V\OAHN)G*YHGO53




.
M\

B




10DC83;&/-CR;F7K2CG_1Y=#PB-F
MHSR1

M9TH.*;



0XQ)
MEK^8C4-C'F%





%MHN.8Q%.D%

M^=1I\YG6Q]]02P





M
J!-V\WY[RU




M*+9-OB]Z

M
94^^ONH/^V2RE]FI^U]MGX]G$=@P^WX/?Y\QA_U#^Q#@/0A0?I0('UHD#[F

M(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT215:+(*E%DE2BR2A19)8JL$D56
MB2*K1)%5HLBJ4&15*+(J%%D5BJP*15:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLFH4636*K!I%





M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  F;E%+W
60X/ 0  

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      )FY120Y5*




M% 


M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  F;E%)=K+YP?@
  



M970Q
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      )FY12T%0LD_P$  !M#   &0
M    @(%



M% 






M
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 9N44FEQ5 NZ @  V@4  !D

4









  .
)   9



M='





V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  F;E%+1

M965T


4



/   9

M A0#%     @ 9N44F&-2Y%& @  9@4  !D              (!+?P  'AL




M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  F;E%(\_?
MBP










YX;6Q02P$% 


M%     @ 9N44CCGNH #!   S0P  !D              (!/BH! 'AL+W=O


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      )FY12+#N)*




M970U-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      )FY1258 U.D@$  ! $0  &0

M  F;E%(XPQOH$@
  #01   -                70] 0!X;]S='EL97
N





#(Q
#$S
2YX


M\3?D!W%8&5K61'TPL

M


0'4AGFR226JY'N3Y !VP:1_MW\SWMHC(47

M\.5?





XW$I._.RDZ=G
M8.&'.\L;

_Z

6+FTRZ6]8&F_(!WETC[$I?W-#UBYF,O%+E;* _E\MWT\BU76E$
M+PF1T@'D('*
 )- 8SU/?NXA2B/EGQQ\*4XK2-.#R
Z<GE!E#;X4I[4V
M/ER7P-'$0N8-8C8*XDQYM_\%C@%*L




M%+)MYVETCB\.DTYEZ.P@@-FLU'K'RR0Q@*U&]SJ56KU2)RM+_%T_
H:EHGMB
M.
52#L2XM[EB1=BQGIQN^E0

N]G7Z^6?T1V'&$3X46WR39


/BW-
C/D4F3RWH O

0
M




P*I8_8W*T((J6DI&R_)

B@.E
![23E\*YLD+
MYM'O]*4
G[P

!\'UY[M/#EV;+F'


G


MRWM


#1Z%!I+SL
)Y


5R87%3:



M[S//@G9O _;D^''H3N_8Q \B9A^W

M6UO0_OW(EBXL O!!'IIY3Z OML%_5 6; 9O\=OO\9@%5N1G!/T*\&6QJQ6
MM4X_
\\?.]Y+W;[

'06Q;@S7%KR%Z8N G\F7_:

MC!01JPTAFG=LL






MD^78U_*ZZ1XHN6.1Y7C

M8.NK9&GO.U@E2_O?Z2I92LD*JV0'RCQ7]&Z_*_G%$%$!@^8RAJ4HK9!_

MH];XFW-]EU;=9OWXRYS0/#)\Y;@LN+0B-O2#_%'F[[Y7L?I]YF(R-[
-:D4/




]I?:BV#H2/FNFL/46]E;AW
54'[SB)!



XN8K%)N[IB+5OZM%2!#P/;OKS?78.%TFWJN3HZ^-D7?^H*^_O@Q

M]FQWFF^IZ/V Q7D*LXVNTFFN'4N/V[[4Z0(WQLJ'EKD$@P4=K$%'+GMN+@:;



_


MV

MW6ZD\)CT]@OV7=B

X7N'_X+'JR7() 3:ZM()@BQ;SUO5
M S-4VP5S=;8QG.YMFJ]:JM=79/$FPGFJL#3K[![LCMG.(IN!K^'C$)B:S@L







MI=Z46AW^;DFB/]TY+ILFHP+S;_U1U3JKCNLNXTV\+7)(\OSF5S@D^/%P9-ST
M(Q\KU]5

+Y72=2F
M,6#,\ ?&6]L)JA6(Y[X'NA<%P0LF.(3RQA83DP%/[$\3#;P_& 7\R@ QH\
MQZ(-(<;LX-'(HTGRFT #@?&VU;5&'
XI&EJ=_
M_.Z\X$Q<#($O0RMBOP5^&*J@$MZD#HH!;@\H[^J'2 6#O_XF;2N.?RJF;2:


Q

M_[




^JYQB9R
8/7-3IANC


'

DL0OP3Q8/T6\]1/SV
#)?5U^Z1FQ





M

=+.ER7NN)F-^AV'5.J$'4R

M]



GF![+B?#0;C5Z]U=[8






5+]2[_4Z#3VA)U?7
MFZ*W


YB^
M^=_#Z.V_C_B/$/% RC9E0

-'F.^
9'OK!T/+H
JGO&7^+X3N$_*M7JSV#4(&_LR?+
MMF M!A.?3]:Y\:!]G'LXFS@@H#Z8=9_9OEQ58P)6H:M?/3F$:=)0YR!)J)

3C8S0BOO

(&)9P

6/#%HS?.@.1-(\X8NJX0@?


M7!RN:WBH\BR7$XA?P- &:!_I3_EZD^R-1A;?:BT'-A;/-X F9^ @
#'1!
Q#
MRPKW:!  W_4)W5/[%9$V^R
V=OK0] 3WHN)$GVY&(08O8OF NPY=HPV&1
M^\4LY%$-A./$Z_JNWZ=9$)BA?API$4HQT^1RQ(X)#L*H57E9BE@S+_[ ?P/
MS#^1=0]-T;\TO:&=GN:
A+G0#:Q

M
WNXS$T0.COVG
9#R&'-#I;IO8LI-B7QZ[RSD=!CT(^%V0%)N6ZD#BFALJ



4B
M%B^1AC4



M6C$3E':6W\_OS[
VDNP=)V 4-0_QR&4-!9:]#__Z 0M&3@PWR\
P'O.
'&Y?

5$./!^/S(-Z!B^






M


9##KVQ_QJGTS)$V/'_OTX


)$4-F8[1@(2K/N[!+
M:8UP-RM-5:@F:X;SW(9T(MJ!R .
!







_CB^*3T]6(BFF!QC0TFB

M[.6[+??/:
=6[HWG9ANWKUP7MV9Q.$RNT$O136N^Q



M8YL






-#@
MXH6O$W%X7R 0%!\Q15LR4A^U%'A_8.@SP&



DD=^

3+\91:+N*& &9_R7AOF:H_P6DYP(N;
[Y@4@MG%R*J



=IICBRP]/%;+T7!-)B\Y


M7K=4!/
+*(12DES*U8735[B4F(6I/W%D3C\Q&@?#%S+

*V5*
%%(^$S
MK+F1O
 J72L01E'(:_'QZTQ6/S+.1GXXJYTX](!\0%I0^EBTQ%OAZ:)5)W7D




M5%9]@6N(!H$ 
)R@Q4@XC3'H8W%:03W+K^4K_: =!1& DJZB@)(TE3I75WI1

M1AKR
^%/@=J7
(BGTL5



/)






\1)!#.UKL
\2!TIC/

M
\0


M^F]E)

M9RUNH5#HB=*#)B6;H3ISP:Q+(GJ+*K8QKT[OP;UA)SE?Y7BM5
AVDICS:Q

E#K-A^UCYAW;T))]/EJ10]PBX7Y RF3@BB*K#J!N4IBQSF
0ALRT

\ZUD3
MB=7
D3E9AL4L2$PG3O-5PS&F!3@GD9.X Q+#EB\/FCO=VK24;V#6_)93DICA



P;?
M5\GU%9;)CIO&#

0[NE3!!_X'7&[]0@)/(?%3AC@.#7#N2








+$J!?J:R+Y$$E$!$JCY'#




:1?)=H42 #!

)F)272B+#ADH#C/B9CT_
M6_$K[R'6SJ9II_OX9AY$$A/Q&D$ZZ$3ES5?*)&*4''%


M1M;ZT408-I6^J 0X9%)B%


997
MXTWKXTP3(G60Q*JS6E&)-!+IDQ4XJ)=+:(:M03

M-U(6VS
MM_IS



&W0P


M

M^

Q2T ]\=V/

MYA0CVZE7J.(49OD
:=+
#,!N@3@4[(T)H%9A)F*@_E S/[8!

MU.FH8K1EJ+L

M*%X_\%33K+8[9KU:%'+Y 


MH3Q:XZ+1-*NUMMGJKE][_0B&VFCTS'HKK_^_U%^E_CHVH_(397=K&=VSV=H'


I?OJL:&PY31D




MI@8-YX2IVB0^P=RX/NQ1A


MXE

ME:IQG;$361(&R &&4*4C![;!D



99BQ'&\=_
M #ZDC0XJ_#D8H

E
M



M6_%*M#:A7]7D!I8C86^3]8 %;AU^W



68P1R;?$\6)RG!;_$?
M7!&Y@M1_^*O=-Z23H=00%2:HE(B:$4$XO34O^0.YWL

7





M$*PTP=BBA^09J&7P(9I-TO@./]*4G0TYI&^:
1R

L2-06@'SZK
M



!E


].KIGY)H8RHTH^4.
3GYRX6+3 %


Z

+R3I]H-('-?@:

M..0EO



HHP%/RDZ








M@#?RM@W+JUKE3]^VFW!


CEUV

FOA;=6P8\J!$QQ4Z:B/
M4^/;S8FP\&&!!*J+NCJ*#[%+LO9K(]IJR(#1'1X^4B! I
R[*HO(KXF0OE


 /N0N3=EF=

1-0N-]N%AY!7C.W



O &1XQ?-7ZBL%E[KXNR'*X3
M
['HLN;L :ZMMTM'LN3N M[Z^BFN ')L%SEX6);-G
#F6LE:HB=!(I-W%M2M

XFA0X2.4DI2'Z+=DY
NK](Y ?1#DTX


@3Y8OD
M@QYP OI?5OOF:UJ0YE4;VLMLU.OGZ3RV
8U^&_QV1IHI&HYI![#@FQ3!R0



HBY'6%_IRT\8




MA62%POTFT.(CKH X-HEO_V&L3:JBI0ZEU=%RAY5FDP%RE!KQGY4&D]AD4Z1
MI&SC
!8 5
] _T
TWBGZ% E%/6S;O67=X1B*^L9J606+79X)B#L0EW!HW&%

M

)C$1M(/AS&%@\
MBI99K_/V]M9X0.+45
\7T4QTI5;NU-!*G9K+:IWB=RO4.^7;':I=))&.]H@E

)'S)+8W0




&
M55J33*KF9%)5

[:_/.NBNR*DN;YE&3LZKU'OWS/)LX_$)7






M :V4HKDQ3NS2[EX/O/*#P8



?O!CFK-XOZ


M=G?@RNEQV7=]VZ/2&-UV;[




04G-/+GV\


MV=E:;ZVLY.


[/RZJH@&D=5$6


MD05I5F#?_*1O;JW
3$8JCJ%CPV4JN]V0LS1*



M[$;B9D&8W
KCS0:LSYPG:
QCT?PUOX;9Z33

ARO[\8XOK?=#ETK
MG%@.W0%ZB8@@FS,\'K$/[[W+CAEQF2 25CED

(R^

K  /
N+0F#EYV7



E&=T!W4;;
LFL/9A/= 
:E


08V!7APX


4/L7N^



8DC.@*B

M&U?L

& 


2@
M#*WG

M?OR3]0E:P?%@6T9C)X:U$Z!E&(%%D9A#B#1A@YD1

:(691RP#?(LIQC9E=
M7/BH*R 

J!0(6&*YH$ZBWG2?'CDFU^8%DGD+30'R61#F+D;/! -F%
MS(OXKI9L4DJ;H,[E^Q%Q!A08MY YVW:N*/9];/L*IH(72NJ.W]JN:#0+X#-

8

/+GLL% KZCQ1X[H-?#ON1[.G&\2T
MD YQ@P_9[\-TWR=8=FS'_S@HQ0SQ=D$E R<ZX]KJKPM&3U^VS03W@ ]D

=U
2( LOF](2L'XUG:E
T$)!DZ/8Q?$






M1 3J&LU#VI!]X12







OZN


M4J[Y+5/-

GNDS*?86!Y\WGGPW'C/C68+2

6QKJH+USGC

M 5_A1Q1@X;S7BD*)7.74;! MV1)S%3O1#8W36^;1HRA=[Q+@LP3TZ)'(D9
D%!%['.N0*@

J@P?$RDP8HROBW0Q]A-&

]4730IORFF4FKS



T34KH[4Y8YLS
MSPCC


]E@GUR4462/E5&79%D0N4'(3:ITB$C_:TH;56:

MCS):9.NKPC5&$F@2A91L[]@+6_P0#5YS2@5?/,4B\%6Y0TJE+BRQ3T1L0]C
MZ84HPV#=3YP\NJ/?KM,,*E%83K%YV8O!'YD\Z0@.
R JKI00X3; (93G/_Y

MFOV8

M= .X[H-

L2BI



+ @I5LU+6)+Z+W/5

MJJBCO*


#B
GB[GQ&[2C!GO945UU.!JJ7:/L
M]+;*
/

MP7^\?8[&:J]7:B3JR=G_?K.]/C(SH+0WY6Y!';63/-UC*QF-&ML%U\'05&-8

M41 $ORK7EA5A[V%

M'UXD;(+



MO'/=H R=PB]R).B.9S#M$/O\7$K;*'DIWG[XKJ=J@Z%J%/8!UB@DNL
O]\.5


MJ:X['JJ#05$;\)1


*/)A[J
7N
O?LJEH!'S]

M)RR*T8=R7OT5C2W$(4C45T[^A9G653;%=F6#V9OHTH:CL('VP04BV89EVJ

I&
G6X

MFOB&JG#JK+J
I=<JU3KG7/!H#XY?M0OXUK'WV?& /



MWKKOM*]J1D_5QS6BS8
RSC^:3)9]M:_WU6&_:.2JR60Y I9IZ$7K(.K!
G-U
M_?U4:Q+T)7CI&2?B 2L;#M5N8596*T.WB0COJ88Q4(?=QA3:[S8Z:[\+_
T+


!^PN#:HO^RZ:WGW]@^






MJN[G@!B5J(3_9%ISVV7^VFM3-+D 2S70_VROU?IW$U+%7?6J]\SZ*[O(U\



MAV. (MW3]TTUJ:QPI*@W;-6+ANWP@R\S$9D$T.Z!V5DO_/_KY$/#-]ORCPC_



'C

67F*LL?;8TL5$_:/M8N-/
?E

M+O--QWG![]DRY+]%Q^)WU\9_/834. X.ZGH!N[%
Y8+C:&08VF_?'Y3?KZ_O





MPW

M3\J46?;= )TW_Y-[XT-8] =I-=-O78M1HM'&G7TYO(QW.@. 5V=63I-H\?

@]Q $H%BST#B*Z8/$O^1YYSA*0*YB+)@$?XV:;XG
M(T+L*%^_?





FV'
@HV




-N!1&SL-EB0&LT%D#U3N?Q1!&/Y

S(7R1

!A-GD;%Y6^6:$3F?F_E5@D
MFBC)T9M=T?X2#6CE'J4UHC/A:-P:$
X\SM4 9[JA@&4=S@/
/73 SHG)%G5$
M?YI5_H3+3 GFC
&]6PH%CSDL[HW#B0\]:2!4D+^PJ8WG@[Y&..8)D'CG5BH
M@3Z8J-Y'204N0&3=D(@I$D@\?Y*[FY*N58VK,'K:XJZ.(6R?1=5VA&=,$3
MRP/@(E#N9?Y
?%NC#+ M?_'AA6(XTS9$N4D;@58!NAT/Y#63

M9'&AIZEDU_@'_/%0P))CJZB*APS[&?G+IBVO&#^K&!#[.1^J1$'BN4RXUK
$


VQ3S_)A; QBV%

MJ_3V$^IU8ZSJ!TFH/UN

5=]_W4DZ47V%5W




V=83JD*-O0KG(#37:!SW=770W]]H?OXZ/<UU:@@

?#



%=F
MCO?



MNN]S;*AC8[3W-@\O3&J*XE9Y.+ERFIIJYDWX@#_42-D/:TZSI68TPZ+516L












*V4.!12\WKG8
-K)I#[O
=N5
)M7%9$\\


BO


*CW41B0-?%W;Q(HUU:H7
!7'0

*
M9:-3N7#J=1R:]]YB:;HOLC$JO T@FPKM!)DI 67RWE5FR$
YW#]*)7GX\F[O
MEX[R;7T%!5X16?B:U(^0/]



MX+R]V0QI:N7PPCFH




!XD
;#AI?










@E



LQ$N%

T&



Y^W!@'*L;#*LM8/$




4-U*[V]D=\]'2UK]6
\U72
C@ZM@%?*4C?X=ZNY$!GO
M+]V+-WHMNB--U4?[-@]HKT4MKL6!I01/:
\X!IT5%:3U;[3^C=
CNI3%=_);
MN\



M.D.ED-G3T8JF7*VL7 +/OYP-/B^.@]#+S1@]O(U9%$@^@B'I$A7GR
A^DNFN




B^;?UD
)KR)ZO&0^V#K8

[Z)N+X8=/2R6OZ^B?&O]WTXO'2J)KQTES=^

F1;L6_

M][[M6O;28=2S
0
^X2**L6)G\7.
Z-HIHWIP6%.




MVRXW:EVSP3:OZ/I

LH
[U*BP6

M#-Q4
=*
DRIO98^Y3]1(
N2C(QS7'CG8@65+L!T&5;P_
-BW;FR:P!FH0
MFIV6;A;O(U7AE'F[+@


M_62LBJL$IB-D.


BP*U/LH

#V




M^1)O4CS325C^/
L_Y'.]06./ENC\42P V4/E/P$S^TK.IC%6-R6M\#4?C2C5

W?[Y3*59K9@X=R;=I288&@ )4UKM8-D@%GLT=VJ<*T2^B%KL78Z
MNK88Z^!5.5NK5PK7*K]2V=2PK*BZH'&U4.AP:,Q-5ZA/K=!7\UGYA*H36T[





M26]
9;1[
R5] CQ(XK.#.%3?HN]T/U?2J(0KZ9-IS8':_94+UB#GR9Y-9ZZ&
MR@LS=QT7WQ#GQFWDNS9ELU$%BOT#_VZNCZ-;ZLA.:_T7W=-'9@9L[CE3+$[P

M(\7;IK&(*@3


'G)ET4M8;64S!TWW$5!%2_0+T/X;L(Q#0E/^R3N93
M JSH57.S4Y*)QC%)(:*NFE1MM64EY6Z(


M (LW'P0 J8
R

MH)J -;AL+8M)QZ0HD+2.*
-RO&@J[$%*$_%]K$81%7H\@7 ;'I4$ASXET4D&
MGN;3



M


M0E)\=.E*(4M9@)83YUP+]X\LKHP!YD4H+
V3.LG
M1.-F^$6&<\Y!$6:V$B1X:<3R*70IQ55Y@HFH9OY3_!+7M)D6J%R


YW#;GR@5'M ?
M_*8 ZV8 [BP4ZD,J^1R6X+B+7\&-!C$8Q<,[CBH:0,#%.J:\!VGTPX7],Z[!
M1/\?+,U+)3TJH+6?*#V<Y^GCYA/';MSS!'X9\V1YEESSQL/B'Z2F-LE);*B

7
M

)0[+E&:



.2#\3M7?ADW[LE=R\P6
C/UZ]Q]2WC/RE%P@W

MD#3JA*?9^S2B4$1:J,(KV-.R0U6IAOY!B%%\ -L] 3*L*3O%.)F;2EL
 N
MIF:'B4FUJ5-.2C#D[33@EN$/T9
O01!/HHN8-
S(3@-+$L02O5(&CJG?HVB0







B7BPQJ.K7(A(=ZE^35MM!+F/N,U(TWKYW9
M


M;V:8VF$R'B#%;-VT:*%C?


M3.?8





8K)Y\@TL)EN@&[2


M



MB/E

'
MBGT2F)



M92YU4H8$0OHMDZW'G833Y-4 [2
IY#(*.7G)S%U_9!A16LYM_VE9KGT_/X

M#H/@8C@LB;R?95\8B0;9BDA


M@9W;IVLS?:Y2\G52#]68SEPIF
^;F%.3GS#*S$E#%KI:WF(1N=3B@89%)#A#
MP&14.FYZ@

WJ!NH./(


#X_TF*& 4
7K

YNA/E)SI\&D




FWA@7]:X/:KX$6].0N6_ZX.ZL&6?FMI
@V'[RO; ='$WWGXC/
MT9]3[

IB%P;L;T$]

K^/ODFIU\\TF:4C2RP$Y;%.Q7@P_(I7B .






MDB[-9 





 3HC'6NU%Y304'D4'Y!I
M@3H4TZ+
4XC9EYC;G-!A%
J@V&JJ&5[?)<@_YAQ\]Q4/M=0QV,#]%K[1CLM K

MFA- 5 ?(F\.L;]9\
C5FT =0D@[;GF@WU:EY;+QA![.KGM:R_9;MGYKM%V;L
MB5.^:J=''5#=7
B/Q!0*D


MR4T%-]RZ@]^PPZ8FB 95=:RKPU%C&GB_)A[JQPA;3;0Y5C8E$0=!M.!MGK#-
MU6H'1I%#V5CEHMM3-7V@]D?[CWMOP%:[W;%J](OZ_UO^U?*OIBF5[RB[.Y71
MO9JM76-ML\#VZA2UTCKZOG
FZJ^8-NY




?^
MD]$P$M.E3B_4
20@0Q3)A




\1
MX7Q@QA(8&S4?


#?ITK1B^I



]#P;-(YGEQPDD:6'*$44/5:$&0P&[Z?%.QO%M9






OR&[

/S&
* /J.V











 =*

\<D :-\MY(]%Q&<D]+A!;

M: X

M&&5@0'#V0;--.%_)4'DN.?/;!7]/I8T@3+D$-SBMYX78BN.D7+=2)TZL!:X/
MLQ\V5\ICH%7\
?JI

_BSMF6;^4F2&W3Y#(\;IRX
M
&YC].6.WGGGX=FE'1;(&#/A&LDD\W[^G9-HQN'Q\#WS\X2Y]O.9ZWL &E0*


7^/R\CI))[GNPI9&8
MYC

'A?(.6P7$4:H VL)/=FQJ+X70
M3(.5?L1G





CP'AJP%.3*3DNSD1

M#5R16\
 Z4 .V_RZ=


MC2])CCQKU^E.=4=%T5#T9,N2U=M9?I!B*;$F+_?%$G:O,9L7*)?86PE*]?


MD;I5W=Y'5?GLN5;9RY


U+D8*#JPZ(]




MT9KUG]@+ZP-U/VA+K8Z$V?.LOD+N#=J?+4;PT/2#(&.I44O85)
ZL.[6M+RB

MG85VZ*;)-=(V0\QHQ55UE87K37DQ]-%*VL4\/;CN$4'H1^$(&N%5WMC\?J

A(Y?

'HQ-SSSB 5%XA :_-ORV(OMENN857_C*7V(@/_Q@



MP\N9:FYSK/D7
ZB/6!7\!F[]:%S&Q&CO_I&.90=SOLYNM(H80#'3OV4 I9+[

MX*-FI%RX/5SS[:S6:[++S1J4N%C5G%


MU7LW($K&-1XEJ:^*OD1;0:[4V[J[Z5?\W7NV/%*-7E_M=LM6]52.S-.?S@'


MJ*FY?&*@:OT!


D/UHRI?NILV;OW]M7:$D3?

R_!'LSO7\A;LF_GCPP\L56#O
MF




M_0

M):8('#)H

E4AXR.FBB@G2H_/26KL@U:E]?8_

M

M7'DU

5E

LD

D9HM_MYH+D?'^

.BLJ2.O?:/T;IT=T*8OOY+?V



 H]_X5.S
=^


1)PJ*DI(Z2$V[2!8RS
H/



M#9E*JE1G&'



*#.%W_W)H%R

MM

YK,K 4@:\)ST!).Z9F;]R?JH
MH[QC0!(NOE%^)[[BNP73!'2[& QX!8+QC/!.&&;Y3A$T$$]6Y!<\!MS 5*)

M6]WP%]E][J
7!.^Q]QP0UK/I3X/
/JZ#+[
D

MU+80BD]L



Z[N\



6$DWH6
M:R:*HZ@TDWM]I2*['_9ZXV%WRTW(+K.+SR%?


GP(!OFPY(
MX7O3^M-\Q&#/CH 
1OI0@+'U_1E(OC)[




M*CO!43YM3-?!^L!TFI;SS#E[N_/MH+.^3NKNT9W_D]C#!E^OWUUP\/E.4-
\<CCM;J






M[=[X9P)T 7#JL /S1V8'P]KMX#;R@5+ )H'7W=H_\*\@!K=;.W!).YQ[SO0N




M G

:BCJ3\]5(K5_ZI\&-RMH

M53Z2^I0VLH^PH[HCL;P(TSO&\ Q16*4:U:)P;T5*[_0/90F=$(4W]I

M$$GYAT97&O8Z(&N?NHV3(NLST4DR@NZR?3=JB]E)=*H$%G&_
#6-*V*G&%



*NJ^O&#I#D1A_W:U(R[G8S.82;E]@/F()9JYJ1;M%0')B-X=6]
ML#












H
M#7'LU7?

 H#0



6#G





MSAZ;.IO6'6=K(9)TR-\V6&53\;*'WGC$J]TA


MD^ 9G&_SD%S[]/@0B14??O
C;.RU^CL62%S[T1\$9!OYCS.LW62H$-P6FHJY

CN=))-&1



M
]M@Q83.%]'4#W!V^(XG?3)1&5N5AKG\]0X']XL/033^1-&\ZQ3*E&?FVE:
M.3%LMZJB[_-Y:RI23K+=P-MDNU4572_0[&\FF37 IF[_I?ME95YBVO)V#!3A
M/+.EZ#7)KI


8@W=N7WGV9D07=:,+=Y
M7UH3Y3 M.CY]421^WZU3DK2R4=.B)%=^,$4K@G[6*VV8]ON'76LZJINMYP9
ME K7

IJB8I7AT#1%H!0WT&O-2%B@6_Y^-%V.T/N;S+R5&TUR_4FDGB1=

[]')77-1[JII.YY J9N



M3K.2T6-#4;

M;#U9ZC'1KX30J'Y3]8&!?:35+2AECU8S,M#S+4Z+-FRYHI3H9EW7O:XS/!


M/?+;T01N.I



;Q3L:Q//N3,


40_[Y@_3@!V


9\E#HES85;R,G4C4A5*DX3 5$?2&W9(Q-()^R
SVRS

R.E*:6[R











=#IAK%?LP=E
X!L0\V %1=0W6.!T:$.Y5
M




M2^4]*V.7GA.&-Y/D5.)-0



T0/T:J/S94S(N5@



$TT TKAO4U

YT*^G7EP 








M6]%P9[3[WN.$D'(&*F(JH$ 2PX.:%QPZ\.]SV2V(#$_H31VP]$9HGELQ*Q


KUR?LPZL\S


BZHR%G:6^SX


EK;3CJL*O*.
M8;/2CK
5 :*0C76LM=:AC.RN\= @9JU66U*ZW-K96+XQ92[SR+#78%USO(NG
MM&Z'$Y$0)M7K9Q;5T=7P




S? S\






M6]-Y.2505R*G/0OA9E;K& ^




C$P
3
Q+GAS9.T]:W/C




M-H]??CX^AO^/CZNAWQ%N)\B?/]VM^4\O$_+/!?9^#JZ0]\P?$1X&L_'GWS[^
6W7QX^/5[/KH=ADU^XO<0K9('Y/7Y^






&FL:K%:(;4;S*5EXL W$2QD;9L&L/KT%F/P<IO@


2&KATJ?BN4T0C]XZ(1
M4GIB6H\I6@G)'ZWA\')O;3+!KIAK(3SP-P\

M5E92GNK^%%'HPM4VP'#):6@P7#.!U]2FO-BC\I*E[0D:-/3
E*2.VMYF%4

=+FNAGLR8_*/XJL?96@1#^


]FQOK30-(

MU5:J5]A'Q.7WB(D





M +K!F$\13

-%C+WBM
M.[XW5V;W?4UZ)^^^L1P2

(_PKHYQ'VKS89$A\Q73!T'I);/ P]#JG?DV+9H=5
M
E\[.VR.1TLR&7N9-=ODB*6

0.]_2I#F^VFV3-5=@RA
U:%HPEZ8U6&-AKK@Y(K-1Q=Z*Q5

*





M1X(LK3L75NR+O^H*93;C8Q5C3N%OIF*VM[M.K
M:NU

M49[= 2)R#QV

*NS^.25W*C/E&U.SN2U@[\

ME5PE1@K=1#S:]CH.=G59E8\M_AJ]OB;7O.+%MG^/
1-?W=$BS7:*X&/DW6-?

.!
XEZ




M5NHP


\QX4?

K











MGFD
?


9S94VSN=T#:


M!\X3$7=L#T1L$J=O+Y#W/7LU3E[ '7$;EWG@NQAQ7[H5

MF-7!6R
9C/MU)-L.WKAD=Y1AHRPF@
:YS]TM=4
8]\
5 S<O53QUZJ?8\NK&.8?E(PT62UCM/BQIP)'0
M+V'^1EW#58)LKSQB=JPF3Q:R<7DN)L3%FW398%@7@P30./<WU.8)
3B)
^S
M6MPXIU



MB%1986!6BAOG='A[

[MY6!R/1W8A66$4MH\

MSZM2VCB?V1
+A0E
5]
XO_GM
87A5E_7.
]BG[*X[9[8FP M!BRDYT#6V!^
MO_TO7X[6^/@Q_\#4$L#!!0    (  F;E%(JH5\D?!8  'H5 0 5    ;6UM
M8BTR
#(Q
#$S

M09





MVS^;P


(*+)(?;I
ML5+
/$8&A/Z*$;T*(MX





9D1M%R'OC (.I*VGN@Q:(DKU!

8OQ;@][Q6!T@CD!S1(E.[*B2^S]
=P?&^+KT..'I
E(.7*1V%YX[FT


M2RZZ4PBE+VM:VC-AB+!/GL9)+$X)0I;-


MX4V GH
PB
W7W_?814]\7TZGF#M'7+1Z@/3Q ?N0F@!A(C/9!_-;]-/W#EG9

7M!H0CN\3F$N!7$
6<\&$:LD3!)$MDM4-$TMQ

MJD/)J7-Z23G2Q4Q78HG
'36JQ351Y[N-]R%*4\9\RU'IC]10;@0+Z4C0

MEK(+5]%




[B2JLA'9SM



G








9GN_9'AZ/;1)![].CUDKFWM[=G




6KI5SFH;'(XNDBI4NWF_
MKK7 W


)&-ZVN:FC

 Q_F3=G[A-4/2BWO

M_J)K^LZK?&3V38?M::X=N==/.[9=)G+R^H?+PE1YC1V$V=W\SV5AJO9='*OT

#PD#+/!+BHZ?A%\C



XPE#&(H24H;=N2!LT
=(D]ALF@^

M*V/L.!6!./5[PHLUO4@9.*H%O368E\
YD#$I


M=Z#[H5\1U52
U**R
K;UQ4P]R*EXJ
7GIE#7%^EF
4_%3BURMXA\O8T6(Y=[


M^8*Q&*!QUE]:T[CHL1#0MQ9+&.3TK)2/7%=;6;T(E!'R@%YO86!1&&*B&&RR
M7(::NT Z2-M; $VJJ%WX





M\7-2P.-5\




M
G2JD//GVJ9R+=Z+DR

&W)(KGRI7V;3':3X_;

LH;*?\?=G

MI]

3&/;6&EW]-.*F=\5.^







:



D!ALL1:?EQKQ?K]IQ;]M/9I6PR]NX@#UAE3MT$J;DMD;F[@:
MR-I]E\SV^%^\#AU\\C]02P,$%     @ 9N44K%?'+0 +P  ^0L# !4   !M
M;6UB+3(P
C$P
3
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM?5MSXSBRYOM&['_@UHD]
1
Q[K)=MZZ:
MZ3TAWSJ\:UL.V=6]LR\.F(0D3E.$&R!M:W[] KQ(E

MT$





MT-G[X\/#H_?_]_KJSIWC!3KP0X&4B]_EM40K9?6.OG[]^C[Y-B^Z4_+UD09Y




MS!?3Y)WS?@]*3U @)'LWQSAB*M)*[=$RRVB7 AS'/DNBH15EJS.2K%W



$:
WS


(M'V97B-4?2(@F#\R# 3*LQ5X*JHU*W?'
43
M'/ YX_$5





G[AG?
RP7REA+*/Q9%EHXE=
9A0]S7V7
XC:DG8#M!B4Y 7R


MVDY;]N4:\UVC=M



I50V$_





MC=G!#*$G/D.#]_C(&+Y)V(/.3PX/,INX/Q']O'#BD(N%7S)?UQQ$Z!''1]
M/V2%R\J^MX#T)&Q$@^RLW#;)ZY$QHCGQV:307'G2F?B-ZQP1'TOGJ36-SV8\

*3I'.LTP5@5 I*]LH'+M:
MD0H+4





(+-*857
=VE!24R_P.
M1C%Z(LSG_*7$DM!5:0U0#?OQD= -HF.#R4VEP=DN^0*5H)S-GOT+(5_B-LU.
M^*K:VJ;;@O7FT$J



M#L)BUDX!+




6ND@-^NTM'T^H0+0#V(BS56AU(=



TY2Z-CS*7QKH1ATR=O)DVD]P7

M+IY]$;39TU/-Q5/J'S&CR



M;09I25M]A5K%DH:KN1+6B\7B42!X='B4X7=]?7VBGJ6_(TH15T%DX(F6JC=D
M+W)[\ /!5C?[1378H-J3]QD+?42.5#

:X(DVA!&\7L!0BD



M3:;R]^&*3\.5L_!UFX6\:H)'H7*;Y(I7.%/KQ&5XC5'TB()@_
@P$^[GJ\ M

B-BMOR%FU]#?GZNJT74X*.3&7]WQC8


TG[:-@K165D[^SR^6-I;H&;\X1[3FK
M!IUBB^VJ'WQW^C

M3


MP0^$E.$+/_M#9?-UG[;@M/GVSYK%.Q&5B:C'OC\)C\WQX='GPV-E2+U.=5
W


MPEITBBA=^N%








M

M9K]2PEA&\LFRT
2OF




+_GLI_PT-D&13+=INVOKWYOM1@(:
MQR)3 ^]1S?NC#N_B^Y&_B(Z4*2X::]/OLQU-ICW5+'5Y/S*V?Z-R)RB8K

MLCKNO#M8.A



3Z1G/B%7;4


I)
3:

GOPVR82$]]EPNFP@D_.E%^/(ZI'\ZNB9?$AJD=
M_QI5[5:
M'FWS0P@)5RU_6I5-J


M;1=\^&K(_Z
?[LEY&/D2&WP9EZI&N@]1E 
A 4Q/'E:$-)K

M(9#

:F45[ ?&BGA
M=GKA;BEQ
?:8&%+%PQN

M;
1-)SVAN6GNE(133F'HXOP]8
#BJ*YH






YLNT.R
-S3O$WOC9;$?1NUN^<2O;6%ZY.A?H
MY



C[.7Y]\FKYQP*4AN22H4;F?2)8R8:=%HO6;]=8#J
T$!& AAT77


M

LX

$)
3,V
M2.D4L?E%0%ZX-C.YIC6E-3'ZI(2/3NBZR1I:M*YI?*ZB/.U#4OM8@7M]E
M




)Y(NC?^*S/TZ6)SATYPM$_Y#;

MY








MU.?#VOT-!;'





M(VFXD;0'0
_%L(@=H*)J-FOOA;K#U?D@V+ N9SZ3/XW(55&!X:%:B

E21*M&=#0[0B)6]_D-81#A,CVV.ZRCHTJ/0*Z@STD/


Q5Z[_])K2DA-!U6

M!QQG;SKX!V:[8-5-;)UY@H$VTN/5H.)''(ER830=1]28TK;%%AR0DBH-XVE2






M&:G@(M&EE%.P(,T+[)9HN/]3B(W E#8RK;7LERMW/,JR[[;/*M/B$8H/$5/
M?H2.^S&E

M\@]'7^R3MH):4
I?S)JR[WD'XVG!ARGW
 #%+=U!Y42#&J%10(IY%T:A\!VC
<B,XH18Z098IRECC_[4G9ND7YA':;N\1-


XUH;@*'&#YAR



?88IP2R*T'E




_3.5Q
1]3JL-;T:


]0
V3!T1Z]NQ(;L_MVA.3M8&MUS

M19 D7:I





M17J/1NT?#WLS!PV$3S99NS.VC&?(OB5A,(A,YX6M-$




M;'NP+


C R
3 Q
S%?;&%B+GAM;.V]

NC.RJE5E*YMK?CAH
BD1+:
M3#(;9.K1GWX!\)$D\61F$CBIV8EINUQY#O@[P \'KX.#?_L?K\L4/6-:D#S[

LJ2*
TS_._?9/DW_^.__^__
M&V+_]V__Q_$QNB X37Y&9WE\?)DM\C^CZVB)?T:_X S3J
SIG]&O4;KF?Y-?
MD!13=)HO5RDN




WZ&:25X/]UW(@=\[\Z_OCI^

MY8L:I'F*;_$3-_+M]6C+P%X=S[IOZ[)XH7:C II3]P_1\R_
A:/.$?^A/_
MT

-49;]+P2BH[
M]!ZM].)PB&7%.*16I8%FJ-5I2%:I0:%9TV/._[XFY1M?Z+ E4U86+KY+K1/$
M?YG@*WV82@$.W1Q0#@E7B:*-+AW-L*/A7=@KIXKN,MZQO0A;^=^SK5YVZ+
M



M3CI9

+



KC\Z;WX/WK8&4

M3#

MV5^Q-=YCE)YG)2G?%'

ML\%XA^

M'MX]^\!\




M95(-Y:-LQN@\E4X/(


HAL$%Y)Y+[T:3XLDJB$G_Z\/&/'SZ9


M:A\A$10$R5E^CN(GDF$1)=+B-+I(HX9/'CI [_+/( Z&=W:

M[V)-


&1S02EG

M)!%O&W




CNH%JW 31R/IDLA%N

NW[A7ED[?N+P8_
M.J8 OUE)QQK6SU3JJ@V&FZ
A2YG.*C$DY*;=
VGZ1MLUC/DT3-+^UF)6R)N%
MF584RG

;B'T&2UG1?[T3PVO=3
MM^CI^5S?G)T?O;6E!*AMR/87&*TXA.]OW ^!S;!N

F/T,/Y26H#Z-K-?S
M8!/<WCFP2A ,A4SHI/U++GM<\MSY7'JOX7C:0^ 2%S?16_20&K*[JJ0\'@7K
M('9.@X<BP=O?C$L^$^;;=K7DU+/8+BKC$PH:P2 MKW]202D%K_UM3RST*<D
M?=+ ^.J1C (#?2O,BEX-' ]BI#GP9
&D#&NGM2
OXN+K.$/)-D':6:C'4:
M.5\9ZXPPFXQU2J'@-+$ADY)W

MEO=WO]


M Q0UN
VI2?]W&$VO!B4=C/Q?T7+UYWN1)A?8;L6O$25\G0;E::-EG
YQZ%

\



M%T2U)+#YX%?Q0K)YS3B0\3GS4\+K3O=Z L%Y84(EW?6K9*;V 3=I5.4.GST:
M'[90R_D[F#+ W)Q-*82M[D-F71U8@B(8O^NH3D#RZSF$TW[Z/7V;I\ROGE
M'V


.5DYDN(MQ%C$D-Y0AS-=%




&O_XG?M-9)


MS ;0J$:HM5HG[I=(9M!](JEE 1')%!#I(X.G_=$#;,$DFXQ/H9(?T.VD#*
M+VV4$/MLZ8D (HD*EX8;0K1YTG,MEF%Y&X9I6GSB*W6LH&47T8H(?89T1,!
MQ @5+@TCAAJ9

MK2LXYTM
']G8]PO-7\JGTWRYBC*]P]!(^Z6)$7*?+DI1

M.I(*R


M!UYNI.E(AJ&
!%5-F%8
Z/*GNZ'B0 <GM%D8*Y.R/OM+PF@
M=-FKE0C.$2





U=
MW2=CQAK5Y92K+AAG








Y]1%


E8E


I


MGINJ3_Z-




_
MS3


^BDO<;9F'W8FK4HF H;

&O%F'/[T8W^\+=EJLBB/$/N/%19/WJ1 =D+EA8SSBB?T



M


M^WV1P BY_SB!4A0

M*


)%3W+X_B(OS5S:ORGSY1%]NRSQ4F14XX=@



M*@ 
7;=!/21Q4P:*JD)Z-.Y=4X#E*#6VUSW6];+
Z%( L-IFH@.O=45 9[8%




4EQ;Q9TG^^'_]-\*MAY\)XK2WOXNZ?O@.EE$QHG


MG$M@?#%!\D:--%*95
JQ##!DW1*XS2%27A#_P[K *.)E =G+.:N?#!MW$=JJ


#;#=8.5FB'[U6E6^6CK[3W1GQ-B*%AABSV&!KT;X.*

N*1=O5S1O
#RM^['[SN?V4 


MZJ%
:B](%F7Q'B:UQH( 4-G!4 =*&TJ!/JFU0[=-:B\NKV?7IR GM;=X58\[
M\\4M3OD@=1.Q*1/.-14DUG%[W.R=O#]UV3U\MF PY8Y2=E:Q41Y53IL)D!
M4T)97N)VQW6BS=4NXGM
EU=Y-(SI-

MSQ7[!RF*G%8N!@:GNGW#@5-Z\5!CF8U3.EDH'LH1IW'\ LFL;E_I&G=%
LS^




MN





?5HCS?
Z91^A7NDB




XO7-2F HZ8I4$;DO





V FQ=5;9Q81\%'T27
M
HXANY=Z^)W*-MYL1'FG^HRC\B%*4S1_*'!1B&VTJZM3&+VEF\[JGD99P9\5
MSC/;Z&)7\YN+P
V(?@8LPX8ECHE=

5#G'A![J*H+SV#H+W:?LHTJ P$S'



 VEXJSS9J!


MLUR5?=)LG$%=SKEI@B'@*+C2PY%P

MOE0OW;5B

M

6;8']BP[
8[DX+?2X
V
MX/T[@CII

0M.U:U]+@YF#-5FOG$CEKLZB!Q&#L1SU85&


P8/(MC5@(S +LB


M9D5)U\O-VD=CN:-NH
S_=G



28-KBRZJ((AX3B\R@OCQR=1@?D%Q4U)
)AY'M&


)]6F*BM#@9L[Q8E
MJH<B=(G)W]]KEW
%W=I7O+)R@46J0[$CCK/-2


]/E+\R*_4HE]H7A1-

/K*QC^)S7!Q(G



G7%?BRM^&A]PEA_%LCPU)D2




C5YR\K5;:^_M@


MLH3UAFHN-G](R2.D]PM5^U'=T//N?M0L+LFS:X?81\&A=S2WJPC;+N:X4L'T

MI
 WE
3XEK\[L'







MQ_^]9HL.LG@3%UU)3OFL[C






MZ1!I

FB*1OLBE.?7^C!F;





MN?O1]]V9%98.NW(C F0$ON8O!XC8O[PH9L\1247^CYQ5RK+.55LG^Q./ 6DJ
M

=F7_%_'HQ3F;
'T6/^'J]
M?

MH1D
T'$U'S=[]PG9H'S)6-7F2D%X+6N&.6R_ZHWES703K3#MM2&05C&L$32B
*W1Z$ZX\8MWVFW'7#*XKC*C&U<K^M



U+(I@;C#J*6860/6)7(GK
:;BZW&$1(Z
&@WB^/U

\M'093EA=/=TUE$2S)^NK5&*XC1?/IL?G0=KV8QPUH0
M_I_5P[7-K9;+3/Q$
;[!K(:S

U%M:
M 1[YA$4QFRM2455


/Y2765'2-9]@

$/W+-2-U
M81!-\X;-*,4#H)_]-1N9B4?PGK'ISCCZJXKZF5HV-[QF=#^1#RV$*]7H+<R


MI%%1S!?UE?XY%4]W-]?)-]?Z3J




M9*(PR')%


MLA+$W$24

MZ3636@8&X:[R*+-

.!2CI-4DV6J*4R77S80+A0\?A


M4C;C;%
IG3Y((CJEL^A&$6C@E^#Y._A1LT3+OV\OM8XG+ L/G]=$5HEF%S
M0-U.NY-F:


M

M



W
[R)Y.BURV98P

HZG/T)I?'FW0F+RH$TL
/.Q$6W
0O1 46P

C7]F2931JKTO@\$=?EH45.Y9'^9P0S





MMOYX@&QE'];F



!4I8\[\/35L6 I6S'R*TIR\HX3

= #^_9
W6'D[.7V
F:LR@N6598)AK

#E_]5O(IX







[??(@EG@C*F\O2SZ'[P7OHQZ-E-(_1%1L
MUN[OP$
SN-VD42QLF#VR?UQ@K'RM6R7E;7C10VS'!UDD.'G
N*33KD8015P2



D/=T


MIUT%(*'U;C=4.OXM0/=W_OHA=?^153K1*/Y?K?N/

_5(XQ<#C'#5.8/=H9'-I6MJW2





M29I
&83W:[@M$9/'[_K-


1#DXK5X1#8G%Y

X$6UN

MM-+DC


M=9;P.?EG-E-_2M\N


GM\I.*ZXB^4



9+?9XXN) [M-\R:8 (G/;95&L



U7(VL9CL]!F7
D[QP4T&.LN:






;CAU:[-:&P;1FB&D!M?9F7'@FZNR
M3]J-
ZC+/C=-
YO&!M1P
+2B^3

L(TE2-Q


C 5<)X&JU(&:5\YU4D_E^O&- Y?8PR
M\H^V8RGOMVQ=E+<#V!V-;0]BMRPG.#'W %XZ6MHHHX)K'Z]78KV4=PI@7K;P
MQ^!;GE%QOOCQAL2/94E&].]:#4\=-@QEZ(BJ4H ST8P%+^0^X) \$7A<8
MI8TPT#%[7CY);[G;A



6.4;G^[\DTHTF

MC(N*O@I

N(!<%K0OHC!U+_6$Y
M!T5Y#7CS#FDK?CC,WOU:^=Z_ JT_['CA?,^?@+85.XUY!W@C?4Q%G&=17(IZ
MV#&WDZY J'U(;?BVW:5?VD&-+T83U/N *TR74<9S9:$?8%BUC) MF74%E</
M/:Y)]EC??

G=0'AN6TRS

2
MLPH8EKGA'/)-2 EGFU1RS28DXUZ5 MQSSZ]2X2=L%I33MS;'_6?

MN=^2//;6)NQ;:_[I2/M@A&DE-:_ED:;_/Y_K13^5Y6V

MHDH3
54D= /[M(Y-%V11/MV15V'7'7\
VJWI]'J &] *VM*
0O\(B1)$8]9E


MF!6G?+U




LK:Q0Y4NK*5
M9XBV*FA9Z8A7OOEV=A!?R#!1A16S9;[.Y.OI1FEPS6.%JF@@3?M$0BU(W4?




WM8^/PF*


MC\ BC%LB+J37

MK.4!-'4=O^1!:U@=!T44F\):25@U;X.ISPL (8KK[HFL5CSN
$O^@XWP[.='

IR1-QE[T0
M/WZ-*(VRLCA_Q33FP4URRXXO U@K;VV %
FRYFZ2;Z2\U!KHV[R^TH_6&2F+

G0I$Z3U3VY)BM\V.T276:R9TV@E8;6E#::4



MZ

MZ8W4
$9I6&WC E6^2E
4/'J*1B]H6:N)/K5J% .%4Y'EPYJRZ605)C_/FO/=
MLV@9/2HZD%4#5ENYPI5#JQJ]^B8 ;[SVB#JI= 
UV:J*GCFW[UA%_24K22
M+ 2M8;0(Y;9H1

M6J79)!5



MHS!+*R
1OYK4VHA6ZE6VZK8 ]

MO3K)RRM1$1K_S&8EH8[K.NB;



MYT_RB;S177+/Z=\UU7OWTWL!K$ :D4XL=5^.EEJR2VD$


M]IWTLK#:R0Y4VH^J--!&!7&=L//7S_RU#Y[06K=6Z_\.JPW4X*15F7!=]R)M
M=U#O=75Y




M/#\9\OR:K:3%



MAR/\2(%(5N;HY8G$3VBQ3M

NB
MC+)$Y%(JFMPI#W6^A4+D6TCXPQ9QE*&'-IL.*Y'1\!E3D;B8^2HJ].3R5VF@



M#

JCD5^RFAR+\=CG?6W:JAF[PZ(!
MAJHL7QP:\)[1WU;F#X19]L:YP^:?'I]\4CL2_.7\


901+BW?*1#5)8HW
M*[ME5CGS0[.A\U+#ANSE/;Z[7 MK05LK%=.]K];BU*-*(YXL%CDOR7?3
M8RCYZ\NWF.N)Z^5\0LJF$OQU])21L%R7.14O-

5L7!:NY=[9#KEIFS2
M#I:

T4T$P\G
LL2M=6PZ@'J)
M

M9#G12%4 JDLX0KR

ME0KZME;Z+EA?$T]TY$5QP?[^-





QX=H.W-[MJ

M


M%YI%]FQ^1X8_G(T?E'[6) ^H#9U@FI^@KM60T!.[]8?U$#B0B:D1F[X%-L(
N3THBTJ_/2H^3_.]\\



+
MJA
^$&*=HMXK)HK[_UI) !QR!#AL;:U&0






!=4%4T7;A;PYM6[6+$E/_Q'7_ZCM@[Q;&3D+AB 
!3^1J

MEP^4B/K7LK3/)GC^]#ORFF


*1Y-FKH
$PHKLG3\4'#X]

W@[  ?)8B!O^+X7KCJ8N'=ZZK]YD(P\
MJ-=

M*K$3R99ZKQ6N2

C R
3 Q

M-I+G[U=U_P
1RAF/[TR_+=O*JR^?/<MH8OWGSY\^/C^_][=/@1+
MM/+?X5@@%:!O2BK12Q/=QQ]__/%]]MNRZ4'+UR<:E=_X[GTYG&W/_+=8T;XR
M$H9_8MGP;DG@)YFB:3_C25N(O[TKF[T3/WKW\=.[[SY^^\K;TKA9Q*D)$(S

FLAZ7
M%


MOMS$BRF).*A(+VZC7KH;_902+K%D(]9'KH5K@;ANKJ:[D9V$S\CEHB^;^([
MY=/?A1-GAABPBZYC0+=**'TW8UXAB(^9T*^8B:;1^K'S \R3=2-5$?7W0AO

;MYZRZ]T&-JZF




<)UA/U/6#'&BTVE


MZ?R_IEBU[:]__[ I)Z;]].\_-N7 M)^^_




P'L\)0\3=(DBQ+D

MMM6
FX\S%'#3A \LLTRZ8+[%=TY]0U9=9A0$4%WH]:
JV:PKD9.W_ =[).@U




S?V11S(W=6Y#WBPPG%D*XC?]$LYUH3H'R_






:N$+RBM=B4=% :+1U8(
MXU8=D+E7(W?47?.?20P;17

J
M&0*5X6^O
:KH



M7$M'F TO(8D?92TMSZ6\4
@T\O-DC[):B')54U-9BTPS

D





C8)G-TI9,[K MX/6H(#I9V!0\:M&UB,PC!+5O6C
MJ8_#FWCLKS'?+!57+C(*#*].3J
D='P[@9 

)P%VPLF=9#($J:6R7I3D*I'W&W05(

MQF
\HSA%UUSW1+RB&
\7GS'*4OX6.G5:QE8FZ+^A7\G_#1?U4%:+3HS+*#

M)8Q-*9FKPJ'V&MGV1ICAT
#?T(


RY#
M/@91H/F2K^
1R:HO%F-6[6I*


MI@27

MQ*/P:!P],PWZ 6Z3T7P_V1^$*ZBF4V&W5BO\&R&9LA.8UOH8L&(5G&'5DO
M#=T)QCI!.1@R-%[Z\0*QF_@P

MR_NWXFN.I#ZW*^

5FM22Q6+V &







=G)8B],[8\&86J\)R_ORH%0E IG
M1I%G#51VMRXQHDESYAC?+'YS'?7FWB;#SX*$OS<^&9OX_YFW)<K);H5:!YN
MABTEYL:.V:^QTEN.9'NI#\:6V?

M-;2W?55V0H35(G
#UBU7MX@/=;REB9SSKHHYI4551;Y
*\)]LW:R=4A;9B

VO9-7PML=.#*A33\4EB'W-[$SUS*1#P%



M)P6Z:BIP#-*)UP (*/4J$'KIV-PC)Z'ZK ?$5W=$K\I3$&T;6X*1?#4X88&
M

.SD%%#L

J8))@.10C3BUE^^XV:R5EWM36]@)HS@L




+=PX8]
MZ;?Q*



MRIE+Q\7*.\QBP/P

MMJ_FN/UF+YD@4+2'HM.;U[
S41





]Q






&K;


M&$Y

MAOYT$+T!#X;V_JW\T[\[L2L./BZZ2$JIC6Z3_QLP :'TSNQQP+AH
[FXD4.V

MO









LXL? S0_
T$C=F3 M=
MYF





_03



4]SV9H=%^-C6IY
M)Q=0X'
6W? _*FHL-[5U XUF79(A4!E^-5O4:M6.?Z0L=Q!=$ZI(&!V]8@5
MAMT

+LG*Q[$1*B6)([BH]4P/4
E.'RL?HTD%'?ZW.C+\


\:F)W_:/9?]1D0YAC


JDTK@E@T=+9?-Y3Z

;V+A2PU'*W%04$/4T-SVU:X1-%)VW4!D%$7D1:3O

#BO][=UBN=Q<5

M&FN5?24SL0!F[Z2K)&%&TOK=K1?/WM)IY2$B &P:O6WK:'N#U
C8P[!HYX


M(.(!X03BQXU
!WFE9$#(+XC8#=P




MT&2)?:_.13-#EK9/B8TZD+U9#AJZ^C&4D!4CQH9=L0UTI1PE=/4KS#X0O2



M2#R^O








[MAWR




_Z#=WL[=LR9L1LSN\FF;_B<%0=\)*/Y'$=8U+;?Y^R:*T_
'70M0L)FX-
MF^T













M
B&%D'@[DSYL9Z;#ETICP;@Q3_?'7?JA+Y5OL:AH;%_DM@2LB7'7 ;I$+*!X
$-@^^;-MH3TV(\B%%YLRD<BBH8*O\S1'=N_$08G078C

+_SX-W7^;[V5M=B; [$<^H(D
M+)W+\/58AJ_;=)YS&;ZNDPK/8?;G,/MSF/VIS[;GE,_JO/K!,33.*9]]&969
MZQ*%4SYDS!BA&Q&:HC0PE136 [WA70 SMVX?/C%IS@+%.+36KTL';9T1/\A

 F*8#&X@9H(*=)O
M1/NM!I
QV


))WHY1T%WS<(YOH<!3W\*.AS58D*O.HT.9S
M5.8Y*G,(49GGFZQ6-UF67Z0XWV1U?Y,E65^FTZFX,-&Y32TLWT_HM.2ZIHC


M9[)&XEXN7F1#'1.FF


ULX80D?N1 D
*!&?:0KM=19F#ZT84?B47W88D0/QG








G3(NR&

5UXP)


M((3TS'11DKL/N

SEZ^-^ %=##?;JS6#TO.\(7/4C6/A2S0HK;MTHO
M-KLF103^Z

S?NRG= 
5XC6@AI^M5OM8LLTJ^W/PMIG-W$NLUKM

NE:(VHW5XUCSKG)\D)40')
XBP])_4@4$OS4





M








[I9FH
M\O O# R$TI

K






M$V!76]N.9@E(JS*Y^WJ[S.
0


ZK41R*I#
ZQS/[6K

MG&) B

MFC2*])

PGB3_1:6A=LDMP/)[H^X
MIU?1^3@3/Q[[:YSXT0





E\1C9^E&QF


M5!8!

CXMV6.
M(7E[Z^&=



B(*(5UL

BD#LO\97#



M WY-EIF*//


U:.5Q^D\
M^J]32IXQX[WRI-^5_=,Y1UYO=OVY5C54FWO)JXD91$+O@F!NDT D!Q=A$Y
B_YU2S$*<
M'19T&D);9]=#;$L(-U+:\7;WZ*QQG
E7'CM2%(B


:D



+FY
M6:K?WIA;3T]8+[:/5.TGJ8F4W
#7&

0Q&#0X0



MD1O!-$G7?#03NO!C_
^MJLJ*MK3N;4 GA:/X/V6,Q'./YE_YFM89IMH
 U



;P;4W
).9(C-D/YL6XRGU)
:%Y7

-8^31&DPH_&]U
MZ?
?_3I#K!R0I%8:;W70: CR;AIW+U713.4L+8&V/V)'ZIXUB5$EZ#XKG($D

MB/\CSG_RW;E59T

7B2H?;ZJ-P

@3R  !CF H $0              @ $     ;6UM8BTR
M
#(Q
#$S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      )FY12Z@XFUED2   VP   $0
M        @ $S\@  ;6UM8BTR
#(Q
#$S

M*J%?)'P6  !Z%0$ %0              @ &[! $ ;6UM8BTR
#(Q
#$S
5]C

C$P
3
Q7VQA


