

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-13-000673
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-174445
		FILM NUMBER:		13764145
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7985 113TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 220
		CITY:			SEMINOLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33772
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727 393 7439
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7985 113TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 220
		CITY:			SEMINOLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33772
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     









Washington
 D.C. 20549



[&nbsp;&nbsp;] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012



[&nbsp;&nbsp;] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDING&rsquo;S
 INC.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)




    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(Commission
    File Number)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer Identification

incorporation
    or organization)
    
    
    
    




 NJ 07073

Executive Offices)

Mascot Properties
Inc.
Street
Suite 220
Seminole
 Florida
33772

address
 if changed since last report)



 including
area code)


of the Act: 



 $0.00001 par value


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;No [X]


not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;No [X]


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]&nbsp;&nbsp;No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X]&nbsp;&nbsp;No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
[
    &nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer
[
    &nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant has not been computed based on the fact that no active trading
market has been established as of April 15
 2013. As of April 15
 2013
 the registrant had 20
854
000 shares of its common stock
par value $0.00001
 outstanding.






    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDING&rsquo;S
 INC.




PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    1.
    
    
    
    



    1A.
    
Risk
    Factors.
    
    



    1B.
    
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    
    



    2.
    
    
    
    



    3.
    
Legal
    Proceedings.
    
    



    4.
    
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    
    

    
    
    



    II
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    5.
    
Market
    For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    



    6.
    
Selected
    Financial Data.
    
    



    7.
    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
    
    



    7A.
    
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    
    



    8.
    
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    
    



    9.
    
Changes
    In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    
    



    9A.
    
Controls
    And Procedures.
    
    



    9B.
    
Other
    Information.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    III
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    10.
    
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    



    11.
    
Executive
    Compensation.
    
    



    12.
    
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    



    13.
    
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    
    



    14.
    
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    15.
    
Exhibits
    Financial Statements Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS


statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements
are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct.
Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Forward-looking statements include those that use
forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo;
and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual
results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking
statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events or otherwise.

ITEM
1. BUSINESS.




 Inc. (formerly
Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Our activities since inception consisted of
trying to locate real estate properties to manage
 primarily related to student housing
 and services which include general property
management
 maintenance and activities coordination for residents. We have not had any significant development of our business
nor have we received any revenue. Due to the lack of results in our attempt to implement our original business plan
 management
determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders to look for other potential business opportunities that might be available
to the Company.


 2013
 The Company
 Mascot Properties
Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;) and David Dreslin
an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 with MamaMancini&rsquo;s surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place on January 24
 2013
(the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding capital stock
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. In addition
 the Company spunout to the Majority Shareholder
of and all assets related to the Company&rsquo;s real estate management business. As a result of the Merger
 the MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Shareholders became the majority shareholders of the Company.


the Company changed its business plan to that of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 the Company received notice from the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol had been approved and effective
Monday
 March 11
 2013
 the Company began trading under its new name
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. and its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother (&ldquo;Ms. Mancini&rdquo;)
 emigrated from Italy. Our business is founded upon her traditional
recipes. The recipes have been developed and integrated into packaged foods for sale in retailers around the country. On February
22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey in order to
commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;)
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain options to purchase an
additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s.




    
    



line of specialty pre-prepared and frozen and refrigerated foods. Our products are &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 contain a minimum
number of ingredients and are derived from the original recipes of Ms. Mancini from Bay Ridge Brooklyn (originally from Bari
Italy). The United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; as a product that
contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s
products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;.The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;)
Food Standards and Labeling Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath
or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo; Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product
is a natural food because it contains no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
may be used on a meat label or poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
chemical preservative
 or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be
used if the FSIS approves your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the
FSIS to contain the &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; label.


sold to supermarket and mass market retailers. Our products are sold generally in frozen food sections
 meat department sections
prepared foods (meals) sections
 sandwich sections
 hot bars and cold bars as well as cold deli and foods to go sections (&ldquo;grab
and go&rdquo;). &ldquo;Food to Go&rdquo; or &ldquo;grab and go&rdquo; sections of supermarkets contain food already cooked and
ready to heat for eating (in some instances no heating is required). Some of our main super market customers are Publix
 Shop
Rite
 Price Chopper
 Redners
 Pathmark
 A&amp;P
 Waldbaums
 Food Emporium
 Whole Foods
 Shaws Supermarkets
 Kings
 Key Foods
Giant Eagle
 Stop n Shop
 Giant Stores
 Food Town
 Garden of Eden
 Harris Teeter and The Fresh Market. As of December 31
 2012.MamaMancini&rsquo;s
products are located in 4
000 retail locations with an average of four different items per retail location totaling 16
000 product
placements on shelves in such 4
000 retail locations.

Since
inception in February 22
 2010 and through December 31
 2012
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has raised approximately $5
248
308 in capital.
During this same period
 we have recorded net accumulated losses totaling $3
352
033. As of December 31
 2012
 we had working
capital of$2
435
397. MamaMancini&rsquo;s had net revenues of $4
582
845 and $3
734
062 as of December 31
2012 and 2011 respectively.
MamaMancini&rsquo;s net losses for the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31
 2011 and 2012 have been $681
728 and$1
999
623
respectively. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.




of the products Mamamancini&rsquo;s currently offers.





    
    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    
    

    
    

    
    



    
                                           
    
    

    
    
    











    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    






    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    








    
    
    




    
    



meatballs to Whole Foods and special club pack products to Costco and Sam&rsquo;s Club.




research and development program to improve existing products and to develop new products. We also may contract with third parties
in order to develop further products. Currently
 we have the following products in development: (i) &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Mac-n-Cheese&rdquo;
(completed but not being tested yet)
 (ii) Gluten free Beef Meatballs
 (iii) Flavored Poultry Meatballs
 (iv) Vegetarian Meatballs
(in development)
 (v) Cheese Stuffed Meatballs; (vi) Spicy Meatballs n&rsquo; Sauce and potentially (vii) Pasta with Meatballs.
The products under development are both based upon Ms. Mancini&rsquo;s traditional recipes and new recipes derived from the original
recipes. All products currently under development are included with a Development and License Agreement entered into on January
1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s.


products
 some of which may include: Pasta and Authentic Slow Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Beef Meatballs
 Pasta and authentic
slow cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Turkey Meatballs
 Pasta and Authentic Slow Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Sausage
 Chicken Marsala
Italian Meatball Soup
 Traditional Italian Meatballs (Beef
 Pork and Veal) and Authentic Slow Cooked Italian Sauce. We cannot
predict if or when any of the foregoing products under development will ever come to fruition.


    
    




Our products are all
natural. We believe our ingredients to be of high quality. The Company&rsquo;s products are made from high quality components
which are more costly than components we can substitute in our products. We use only domestic inspected beef
 turkey
 pork and
chicken
 whole Italian tomatoes
 only genuine Imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs and other ingredients which are &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
(see definition above&rdquo;). We consider our products to be a healthy alternative to many fully processed foods in the marketplace
which may contain artificial ingredients such as meat extenders and imported beef.

We employ
recipes and sauces developed from traditional Italian fare to enhance the authenticity of our products. This allows us to achieve
the best aroma
 appearance and flavor profile for our customers.

Ease of use through
a microwave oven is a significant factor for consumers and institutional food service operators. Our products require simple preparation
and heating steps. Virtually every product is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 providing quick and easy meal solutions for our
customers.




priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic premium prepared food category
 we maintain
prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than those in the commodity prepared foods section.
This pricing strategy also provides greater long term flexibility through the growth curve of our products. As changes occur in
customer demand
 the market supply pricing policies will require revision.




grown or purchased directly by us. We employ one company
 Hors d&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 Inc. (&ldquo;HDU&rdquo;) to manufacture
and produce all of our current products. We are negotiating with another manufacturer to supplement the services provided by HDU.
All of the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable by our suppliers.
We have not experienced any material shortages of food or other products necessary to our operations and do not anticipate such
shortages in the foreseeable future.



Our
ten largest customers accounted for approximately 92% of our sales in 2010
 approximately 90% in 2011 and approximately 91% for
the year ended December 31
 2012. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 Burris Logistics (The Fresh Market) represented approximately
25% of our sales
 C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers represented approximately 17%
 Dairyland USA (Whole Foods) represented 16%
 and Wakefern
Food Corporation (Shoprite) represented 15%. For the year ended December 31
 2011 Publix Supermarkets Inc. represented 26% of
our sales
 Burris Logistics (The Fresh Market) represented approximately 16%
 C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers represented 15% and Wakefern
Food Corporation (Shoprite) represented approximately 10%. For the year ended December 31
 2012 Publix Supermarkets Inc. represented
35% of our sales
 Burris Logistics (The Fresh Market) represented approximately 14%
 C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers represented 11%
and Wakefern Food Corporation (Shoprite) represented approximately 15%. We depend heavily on these customers and more information
regarding the possible effects of any loss of these customers is discussed in the section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;.


    
    





prepared foods
 in that it is all natural and is sold on the attributes of its greater taste and higher quality. The market for
specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 from the frozen section to the Deli-prepared foods section
the specialty meat segment of the meat department as well as to the food service customers who desire such products. The overall
size of the specialty food business has been calculated by the NASFT in association with Mintel Research at over $75 Billion in
2011 and grew 19% since 2009. The IDDBA
 in their latest State of the Industry Report
 estimated the perishable food industry
in grocery stores in 2012 at $92 Billion and growing at a rate of 2% per annum with the Deli-prepared foods sub section growing
at over 8% per annum. The frozen food business in grocery stores was calculated by Packaged Facts to be at $54 Billion in 2011
and growing at a rate of 1% per annum.

Sales
 Marketing
 and Distribution 


in over 4
000 retail food stores with an average of four different products per location totaling 16
000 spots on shelves in the
4
000 retail locations
 throughout the United States. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are sold in the frozen meat case
 the frozen
Italian specialty section
 the fresh meat case
 the deli (in bulk and grab n go pre-packaged formats) as well as hot bars and
sandwich shops in food retailers.


commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their own warehouses or to large distributors.
Currently
 all of our full-time employees sell our products directly to supermarkets and mass retailers. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products
are mainly sold in the Middle Atlantic States and Florida
 accounting for over 70% of its sales.


been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings and demonstrations
 in-store merchandising
and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special merchandising events with retailers and
consumer advertising.


has 35
000 large supermarkets and mass market stores and over 200
000 locations including local convenience stores and small retailers.
In addition
 there are over 200
000 food service locations in the United States. MamaMancini&rsquo;s sells its products in approximately
11% of the large food retailers in the United States. MamaMancini&rsquo;s currently has very little distribution in the food service
and industrial (custom made) products industries.


 we invested in a company
called Meatball Obsession. We currently own 28% of Meatball Obsession with one of our executive officers and one of our directors
serving on its board of directors. Meatball Obsession plans to open kiosks in malls and other high pedestrian traffic areas around
the United States and has signed an exclusive supply agreement with MamaMancini&rsquo;s whereby Meatball Obsession will sell MamaMancini&rsquo;s
branded products as its primary menu selections. The first Meatball Obsession kiosk opened in March
 2012 in New York City with
a second location planned to open in the second quarter of 2013 at the Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus
 New Jersey.




frozen food industry has dozens of large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine from all over the world. Our product
lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that our competition is much more limited
than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche market
 there can be no assurances that
we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. Some of our competitors include Quaker Maid / Philly-Gourmet
Meat Company
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
 Farm Rich
 Inc.
 and Buona Vita
 Inc.


    
    







of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and one trademark
 the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; mark.
The recipes and use of the trademark have been assigned in perpetuity to MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.


 copyright
and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use technical measures
 confidentiality agreements
and non-compete agreements to protect our proprietary rights.




Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January 1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to
the use of his recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50 year exclusive license
(subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25 year extension option
 to use and commercialize the licensed items.
As part of the Development and License Agreement
 we agreed to pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty fee on net sales.




third-party facilities are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations and inspection
 and to extensive regulations
and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
 packaging and labeling. In order to distribute and sell our products outside the
State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing facilities must meet the standards promulgated by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our third party manufacturers processing facilities and products are subject to periodic
inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization Act was signed
into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to enhance the detection
of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities in which our products are manufactured
are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA.


 Drug and Cosmetic
Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the
manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing
practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; as a product that contains
no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products
were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change their existing recipes to include ingredients
that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results of operations could be adversely affected.


we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations related thereto
 although we could
be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and state laws and regulations. Changes
in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us
or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.




employees. MamaMancini&rsquo;s considers its employee relations to be good
 and to date has not experienced a work stoppage due
to a labor dispute. None of MamaManicni&rsquo;s employees are represented by a labor union. For further information see Section
5.02 below.


    
    





increase sales and improve its brand name over the next two years through the following methods and potential ideas:



    
    
MamaMancini&rsquo;s
    has added to its sales staff and now has three full time regional and national sales persons as well as Dan Dougherty
 Carl
    Wolf and Matt Brown soliciting business with all major supermarket chains and box stores in the U.S. The Company anticipates
    payment of approximately $550
000 to such sales staffduring the fiscal year of 2013.




    
    
We
    have undertaken a 19-week national radio advertising program on Sirius/XM Radio which will end at the beginning of May 2013.
    We currently are running 1
500 commercials per week on those weeks in which we are advertising (13 weeks on
 6 weeks off).
    The Company anticipates expenditures of $600
000 for all its advertising
 marketing and public relations.




    
    
We
    undertook extensive market research and product development for our new 22 oz retail sauce and meatball line last Spring and
    Summer and that line entered the market in October of 2012. We anticipate further placements this upcoming Spring and Summer.




    
    
We
    anticipate development of our brand in food service
 industrial and export markets later this year and into 2014.




    
    
We
    have begun an intensive special merchandising and social media program for 2013. Events include the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Meatball
    Mobile giveaway
 find the golden meatball contest
 video recipe catalog (20 recipes)
 a viral video contest with a major university
    (underway)
 and active social media updates on youtube
 pinterest
 facebook
 twitter and instagram
 as well as periodic mailings
    to our customer base. As noted above
 the Company anticipates expenditures of $600
000 for all its advertising
 marketing
    and public relations.




    
    
We
    have engaged The Door
 a professional public relations firm. The Door has been a valuable resource for MamaMancini&rsquo;s
    in the past
 with press in the New York Times
 Wall Street Journal
 Today Show Cooking School
 a full segment on the Martha
    Stewart Show
 People Magazine
 Rachael Ray
 USA Today Magazine
 Fox Business News
 and many more. It is our goal to continue
    a relationship with The Door that will further increase our public relations presence. The Company has included the costs
    related to this engagement in its assessment of the total costs related to marketing
 advertising and public relations noted
    above.




    
    
We
    are gearing up a special line that will be applicable to the Club Store trade for introduction by June of 2013. We have been
    testing it in Costco and Sam&rsquo;s Club for the last several months.



its growth plan
 including the aforementioned staffing
 advertising
 marketing and public relations segments mentioned above will
cost the Company an aggregate of $1
150
000 over the course of the 2013 fiscal year. The Company believes it has adequate financing
to fund its growth plan
 however
 if the Company should exceed its expected growth
 it will require additional financing. There
can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure financing on favorable terms or at all.




the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference
Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.


    
    


Item
1A. Risk Factors.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS (MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S)


We are not profitable and may never
be profitable.


 2010 and through
December 31
 2012
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has raised approximately $5
248
308 in capital. During this same period
 we have recorded
net accumulated losses totaling $3
352
033. As of December 31
 2012
 we had working capital of $2
435
397. MamaMancini&rsquo;s
net losses for the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31
 2011 and 2012 have been $681
728 and $1
999
623
 respectively.
We expect to incur significant increasing operating losses over the next several years. Negative cash flow from operations is
expected in the foreseeable future. MamaMancini&rsquo;s ability to achieve profitability depends upon many factors
 including
its ability to develop and commercialize products. There can be no assurance that MamaMancini&rsquo;s will ever achieve any significant
revenues or profitable operations.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s has a limited operating
history. 


for approximately three years. Our limited operating history means that there is a high degree of uncertainty in our ability to:
(i) develop and commercialize our products; (ii) achieve market acceptance of our products; (iii) respond to competition; or (iv)
operate the business
 as management has not previously undertaken such actions as a company. Additionally
 even if we do implement
our business plan
 we may not be successful. No assurances can be given as to exactly when
 if at all
 we will be able to recognize
profits high enough to sustain our business. We face all the risks inherent in a new business
 including the expenses
 difficulties
complications
 and delays frequently encountered in connection with conducting operations
 including capital requirements. Given
our limited operating history
 we may be unable to effectively implement our business plan which would result in a loss of your
investment.




31
 2012
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has incurred net accumulated losses of $3
352
033. As of December 31
 2012 we had working capital
of $2
435
397 and stockholders&rsquo; equity of $2
452
848. The Company believes that it has adequate financing through December
31
 2013 to execute its current growth plan. However
 in the case that the Company exceeds its expected growth
 we would need
to raise additional capital. Currently
 we plan to raise additional capital
 but we have no committed sources of additional capital
and our access to capital funding is always uncertain. There is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing will be
available to us when needed
 on acceptable terms or even at all. In the event that we are not able to secure financing
 we may
have to scale back our development plans or cease operations.

Raising needed capital in the future
may be difficult as a result of our limited operating history. 


 investors
typically look at a company&rsquo;s historical performance in evaluating the risks and operations of the business and the business&rsquo;s
future prospects. Our limited operating history makes such evaluation and an estimation of our future performance substantially
more difficult. As a result
 investors may be unwilling to invest in us or such investment may be on terms or conditions which
are not acceptable. If we are unable to secure such additional finance
 we may need to cease operations.

Our auditor has expressed substantial
doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern.


losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit of $3
352
033 as of December 31
 2012. Management is unable to predict if
and when we will be to generate positive cash flow. As a result our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our plan regarding these matters is to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to allow
us the ability to cover our current cash flow requirements and meet our obligations as they become due. There can be no assurances
that financing will be available or if available
 that such financing will be available under favorable terms. In the event that
we are unable to generate adequate revenues to cover expenses and cannot obtain additional financing in the near future
 we may
seek protection under bankruptcy laws.


    
    


The majority of our business depends
on a limited number of principal customers.


customers for a majority of our sales
 a loss of one principal customer could materially adversely affect our business and financial
condition. Our ten largest accounts represented approximately 92% of our sales for the year ended December 31
 2010; approximately
90% of our sales for the year ended December 31
 2011 and approximately 91% of our sales for the year ended December 31
 2012.
For the year ended December 2010
 Burris Logistics (The Fresh Market) represented approximately 25% of our sales
 C&amp;S Wholesale
Grocers represented approximately 17%
 Dairyland USA (Whole Foods) represented approximately 16%
 and Wakefern Food Corporation
(Shoprite) represented approximately 15%. For the year ended December 31
 2011
 Publix Supermarkets
 Inc. represented approximately
26% of our sales
 Burris Logistics (The Fresh Market) represented approximately 16%
 C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers represented approximately
15%
 and Wakefern Food Corporation (Shoprite) represented approximately 10%. For the year ended December 31
 2012 Publix Supermarkets
Inc. represented 35% of our sales
 Burris Logistics (The Fresh Market) represented approximately 14%
 C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers
represented 11%
 and Wakefern Food Corporation (Shoprite) represented approximately 15%. Our principal customers only continue
to purchase our products if they are able to sell them to end consumers. We have no long term contracts with our principal customers
and thus our business would be negatively affected by the failure of our principal customers to purchase our products on a consistent
basis. If these principal customers cease ordering products from us
 our business could be materially adversely affected.

Competitive product and pricing pressures
in the food industry and the financial condition of customers and suppliers could adversely affect our ability to gain or maintain
market share and/or profitability.


food industry
 competing with other companies that have varying abilities to withstand changing market conditions. Any significant
change in our relationship with a major customer
 including changes in product prices
 sales volume
 or contractual terms may
impact financial results. Such changes may result because our competitors may have substantial financial
 marketing
 and other
resources that may change the competitive environment. If we are unable to establish economies of scale
 marketing expertise
product innovation
 and category leadership positions to respond to changing market trends
 or if we are unable to increase its
prices while maintaining a customer base
 our profitability and volume growth could be impacted in a materially adverse way. The
success of our business depends
 in part
 upon the financial strength and viability of our suppliers and customers. The financial
condition of those suppliers and customers is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. A significant
deterioration of their financial condition would adversely affect our financial results.

All of our manufacturing is outsourced.



facilities and all our manufacturing is out-sourced to HDU&rsquo;s food manufacturing facility in East Rutherford
 New Jersey.
HDU is a related party entity owned in full by certain officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. We have a five-year contract
with HDU that began on March 1
 2010. In the event that HDU ceases operations or stops manufacturing our products
 our inability
to secure an alternative supplier would adversely affect our business and financial condition. Additionally
 should we be forced
to manufacture our products
 we cannot give you any assurance that we will be able to develop internal manufacturing capabilities
or procure third party suppliers. In the event we seek third party suppliers
 they may require us to purchase a minimum amount
of materials or could require other unfavorable terms. Any such event would materially impact our prospects. Moreover
 we cannot
give you any assurance that any contract manufacturers or suppliers that we select will be able to supply our products in a timely
or cost effective manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or our specifications.

We currently rely on one supplier for
all of our manufacturing.

All
of our manufacturing is out-sourced to HDU
 a related party entity owned in full by both our Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Carl
Wolf and our President Mr. Matthew Brown. We have a five-year contract with HDU that began on March 1
 2010 and expires on February
28
 2015. Although management believes that the contract will be renewed on the same terms of the existing contract
 there can
be no assurances that this will occur. In the event that our contract with HDU is not renewed the Company would have to seek other
suppliers for our products
 however
 we may not be able to do so on satisfactory terms or in a timely manner. The occurrence of
any of the foregoing could increase our costs and disrupt our operations.


    
    


Our operations are subject to regulation
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 U.S. Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
 Federal Trade
Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) and other governmental entities and such regulations are subject to change from time to time which
could impact how we manage our production and sale of products. Federal budget cuts could result in furloughs for government employees
including inspectors and reviewers for our supplier&rsquo;s plants and products which could materially impact our ability to manufacture
regulated products.


third-party facilities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA and other national
 state
 and local authorities.
For example
 we are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive
regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food.
Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.


and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food
Safety Modernization Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in
an effort to enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products.


we market and advertise our products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising
under federal and state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations
could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of
operations to be adversely affected.

There is no guarantee that our business
goals of expansion into mass market retailers and additional supermarkets will be realized. 


11% of select high volume supermarkets in the United States. If we are unable to expand into mass market retailers or sell products
in a greater number of high volume supermarkets we will fall short of our projections and our business and financial condition
would be adversely affected.

The shelf and freezer placement of our
products in stores may not be optimal for attracting consumer attention. 


 we may not sell in
enough bulk in certain stores and as such our products may not be placed in the most ideal locations to catch the attention of
end consumers. If we are unable to gain significant sales growth
 our products may never be displayed in the most attractive locations
in stores and our sales may suffer.

Increases in the cost and restrictions
on the availability of raw materials could adversely affect our financial results. 


such as tomatoes
 onions
 and meats and other items such as spices and flour
 as well as packaging materials such as plastic
metal
 paper
 fiberboard
 and other materials and inputs such as water
 in order to manufacture products. The availability or
cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation
 crop failures or shortages due to plant
disease or insect and other pest infestation
 weather conditions
 potential impact of climate change
 increased demand for biofuels
or other unforeseen circumstances. To the extent that any of the foregoing or other unknown factors increase the prices of such
commodities or materials and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in a manner that offsets
such changes
 the results of its operations could be materially and adversely affected. Similarly
 if supplier arrangements and
relationships result in increased and unforeseen expenses
 our financial results could be materially and adversely impacted.


    
    


Disruption of our supply chain could
adversely affect our business. 


or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial and/or operational
instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing and transportation providers
 or brokers
 or other reasons could impair
our ability to manufacture or sell our products. To the extent that we are unable to
 or cannot financially mitigate the likelihood
or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced
from a single location
 there could be a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations
 and additional resources
could be required to restore our supply chain.

Higher energy costs and other factors
affecting the cost of producing
 transporting
 and distributing our products could adversely affect our financial results. 


impact on the cost of operations
 including the manufacture
 transportation
 and distribution of products. Fuel costs may fluctuate
due to a number of factors outside of our control
 including government policy and regulation and weather conditions. Additionally
we may be unable to maintain favorable arrangements with respect to the manufacturing costs of our products as a result of the
rise in costs of procuring raw materials and transportation by our manufacturers. This may result in increased expenses and negatively
affect operations.

The impact of various food safety issues
 environmental
legal
 tax
 and other regulations and related developments could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 


safety and other laws and regulations regarding the manufacturing
 marketing
 and distribution of food products
 particularly
the USDA
 and state and local agencies. These regulations govern matters such as ingredients
 advertising
 taxation
 relations
with distributors and retailers
 health and safety matters
 and environmental concerns. The ineffectiveness of our or our manufacturer&rsquo;s
planning and policies with respect to these matters
 and the need to comply with new or revised laws or regulations with regard
to licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 environmental permitting
 or other food or safety matters
 or new interpretations
or enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any related litigation
 may have a material adverse effect on our
sales and profitability.

Global economic uncertainties continue
to affect consumers&rsquo; purchasing habits and customer financial stability
 which may affect sales volume and profitability
on some of our products and have other impacts that we cannot fully predict.


uncertainties
 price-conscious consumers may replace their purchases of our premium and value-added products with lower-cost alternatives
which could affect the price and volume of some of these products. The volume or profitability of our products may be adversely
affected if consumers are reluctant to pay a premium for higher quality frozen foods or if they replace purchases of our products
with cheaper alternatives. Additionally
 distributors and retailers may become more conservative in response to these conditions
and seek to reduce their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase
sales volume with our existing distributors and retailers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers
at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales
and profitability.

The need for and effect of product recalls
could have an adverse impact on our business.


adulterated
 we may need to conduct a product recall. The scope of such a recall could result in significant costs incurred as
a result of the recall
 potential destruction of inventory
 and lost sales. Should consumption of any product cause injury and/or
illness
 we may be liable for monetary damages as a result of a judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability
case could cause a loss of consumer confidence in our food products and could have a material adverse effect on the value of its
brands and results of operations.


    
    


The failure of new product or packaging introductions to
gain trade and consumer acceptance and changes in consumer preferences could adversely affect our sales. 


and reacting to changes in consumer preferences
 including health and wellness. There are inherent marketplace risks associated
with new product or packaging introductions
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. Moreover
 success is
dependent upon our ability to identify and respond to consumer trends through innovation. We may be required to increase expenditures
for new product development and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in developing new products or improving upon
products already in existence. Additionally
 our new products may not achieve consumer acceptance. Each of the foregoing could
materially and negatively impact sales.

We rely on key personnel and
 if we are unable to retain
or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel
 we may not be able to grow effectively.


abilities and continued service of our executive officers and other key employees
 particularly Mr. Carl T. Wolf
 Chairman
 Mr.
Matt I. Brown
 President
 and Mr. Daniel Dougherty. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain the services of such
officers and employees. Our failure to retain the services of our key personnel could have a materially adverse effect on our
business. In order to support our projected growth
 we will be required to effectively recruit
 hire
 train and retain additional
qualified management personnel. Our inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could have a materially adverse effect
on our business.

We may not be able to effectively control and manage our
growth
 which would negatively impact our operations. 


it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion in an orderly fashion. We may face challenges in managing the expansion
of our business and in integrating any acquired businesses with our own. Such eventualities will increase demands on our existing
management
 workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy increased demands could interrupt or adversely affect our operations
and cause administrative inefficiencies.

We may be unable to successfully execute our identified business
opportunities or other business opportunities that we determine to pursue. 


In order to pursue business opportunities
 we will need to continue to build our infrastructure and operational capabilities.
Our ability to do any of these successfully could be affected by any one or more of the following factors:



    
    
our
    ability to raise substantial amounts of additional capital if needed to fund the implementation of our business plan;




    
    
our
    ability to execute our business strategy;




    
    
the
    ability of our products to achieve market acceptance;




    
    
our
    ability to manage the expansion of our operations and any acquisitions we may make
 which could result in increased costs
    high employee turnover or damage to customer relationships;




    
    
our
    ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;




    
    
our
    ability to manage our third party relationships effectively; and




    
    
our
    ability to accurately predict and respond to the rapid market changes in our industry and the evolving demands of the markets
    we serve.



factors could have a significant impact on our ability to implement our business plan and our ability to pursue other opportunities
that arise.


    
    


We face competition from companies who have made similar
frozen products and other processed foods for much longer periods of activity. 


for a significantly longer period of time than we have and have learned manufacturing techniques which can aid in efficiently
producing their products. Additionally
 many of these companies have successfully acquired a loyal customer base that would be
difficult for us to compete with. Such customers may be unwilling to purchase our products due to brand loyalty or uncertainty
in the highly competitive market in which we compete.

There are very few barriers to entry
in the gourmet Italian frozen food industry for companies that already manufacture and sell frozen foods.


of creating gourmet Italian frozen foods
 major food companies with substantial marketing and capital resources may attempt to
compete more directly with us. In the event that such large companies do directly compete with us
 our business may be adversely
affected.

We may be unable to maintain quality
control.


we have entered into supply agreements specifying certain minimum acceptable quality standards
 there is no assurance that our
current quality assurance procedures will be able to effective monitor compliance. Additionally
 in the event that we expand our
operations and increase our output volume
 including securing additional manufacturers
 there is no assurance that we will be
able to adequately maintain quality controls or that our current process is scalable.

There may be products liability and
other legal claims.


claims which could have an adverse impact on our business. While we endeavor to sell safe products
 there is a possibility that
a vendor could handle our products improperly or that someone could have an adverse reaction to a product. We are currently a
named insured through the products liability insurance policy of HDU
 our food manufacturer and we also carry our own product
liability insurance policy. Although we believe that the amount of insurance coverage is sufficient for our operations
 there
is no assurance that the coverage will be adequate.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


We may be unable to defend our intellectual
property.


we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property. Our current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes
and cooking processes for our products and trademarks. We may rely on a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright and trade
secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use technical measures
 confidentiality agreements and
non-compete agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We may however not be able to secure significant protection for service
marks or trademarks that we obtain. Our inability to protect our intellectual property from others may impede our brand identity
and could lead to consumer confusion.

Our intellectual property rights are
valuable
 and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our services and brand. 


which are trade secrets and are not patentable. We may be unable to keep other companies from copying our recipes
 or we may be
subject to legal actions alleging intellectual property infringement
 unfair competition or similar claims against us. Companies
may have intellectual property rights covering aspects of our technologies or businesses. Defending ourselves against intellectual
property infringement or similar claims would be expensive and would divert management&rsquo;s attention.


    
    




You will experience dilution of your ownership interest because
of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock and our preferred stock.


 we may issue our authorized
but previously unissued equity securities
 resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We
are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock consisting of 20
000
000 shares of preferred
stock
 par value $0.00001 per share and 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.00001 per share.


common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining
employees or consultants
 future acquisitions
 future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes
 or for other business
purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock or other securities may create downward pressure
on the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares
 warrants
or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with hiring or retaining employees or consultants
 future acquisitions
future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes
 including at a price (or exercise
prices) below the price at which shares of our common stock are trading.

Our common stock is considered a penny
stock
 which may be subject to restrictions on market ability
 so you may not be able to sell your shares.


under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;
 however there has been no trading of our common stock as of the date hereof. If our common
stock becomes tradable in the secondary market
 we will be subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the SEC that require brokers
to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may
cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock
 which in all likelihood would make it difficult for our shareholders
to sell their securities.


with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ
system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock
market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction. These requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject
to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities
 which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These
requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common
stock.

Our executive officers and directors
will continue to beneficially own the majority of our outstanding Common Stock. 


own approximately 60.6% of our outstanding common stock
 including approximately 24.8% of our outstanding shares that are beneficially
owned by our Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. As a result
 if they act in concert
 our executive officers and directors will
have the majority vote with respect to all of the issues submitted to a vote of our shareholders.




or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings
 if any
 to support operations and to
finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.


 payment and amount of any
future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors
 and will depend upon
 among other things
 the results
of our operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
 and other factors as the board of directors
considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and
 if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance
with respect to the amount of any such dividend. If the Company does not pay dividends
 the Company&rsquo;s common stock may be
less valuable because a return on an investor&rsquo;s investment will only occur if the Company&rsquo;s stock price appreciates.


    
    


There
has been a limited trading market for our Common Stock which may impair your ability to sell your shares. 

We
are currently listed on the OTCQB and OTCBB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;
 however there has been no trading of our Common
Stock as of the date hereof. It is anticipated that there will continue to be a limited trading market for the Common Stock on
the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board OTCBB or OTCQB. The lack of an active market will impair your ability to sell your shares
at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market will also reduce the
fair market value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of capital
stock and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or assets by using Common Stock as consideration.

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results
accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation
and adversely impact the trading price of our Common Stock.

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment
existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result
 our small size and any current internal control
deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operation and access to capital.

We
currently have insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Additionally
 there is a lack of formal process and timeline for closing
the books and records at the end of each reporting period and such weaknesses restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to timely gather
analyze and report information relative to the financial statements.

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing. There is inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small number of individuals resulting
in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation we would need to hire additional
staff. Currently
 the Company is unable to hire additional staff to facilitate greater segregation of duties but will reassess
its capabilities in the following year.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receipt of additional funding.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently pay an administrative fee of $4
000
per month to HDU which includes use of office space and telephones
 computers and photocopy and fax use. We utilize approximately
1
000 square feet of office space on a month to month basis.. This space is utilized for office purposes and it is our belief
that the space is adequate for our immediate needs. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities. We
do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary.


    
    


Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCBB and OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; however
 the Company has
not had any trading activity in its common stock and we are unable to provide the range of high and low bids per share of our
common stock for the applicable periods.

(b)
Holders

As
of April 12
 2013
 a total of 20
854
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are currently outstanding held by approximately
122 shareholders of record. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name
of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business. Therefore
 we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. There
are no restrictions on our present ability to pay dividends to stockholders of our common stock
 other than those prescribed by
Delaware law.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.

Rule
10B-18 Transactions

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 there were no repurchases of the Company&rsquo;s common stock by the Company.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of unregistered securities not already reported on the Company&rsquo;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q or on a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.


    
    


Plan
of Operation 




We
market what we believe to be an upscale line of specialty pre-prepared and frozen and refrigerated foods. Our products are &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo;
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are derived from the original recipes of Ms. Mancini from Bay Ridge
Brooklyn (originally from Bari
 Italy). The United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. The Food and Safety
and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to
include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo; Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant
by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains no artificial ingredients and is only minimally
processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or poultry label if the product does not contain
any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
 or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient.
Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s
product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; label.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
products are principally sold to supermarket and mass market retailers. Our products are sold generally in frozen food sections
meat department sections
 prepared foods (meals) sections
 sandwich sections
 hot bars and cold bars as well as cold deli and
foods to go sections (&ldquo;grab and go&rdquo;). &ldquo;Food to Go&rdquo; or &ldquo;grab and go&rdquo; sections of supermarkets
contain food already cooked and ready to heat for eating (in some instances no heating is required). Some of our main super market
customers are Publix
 Shop Rite
 Price Chopper
 Redners
 Pathmark
 A&amp;P
 Waldbaums
 Food Emporium
 Whole Foods
 Shaws Supermarkets
Kings
 Key Foods
 Giant Eagle
 Stop n Shop
 Giant Stores
 Food Town
 Garden of Eden
 Harris Teeter and The Fresh Market. As of
December 31
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are located in 4
000 retail locations with an average of four different items per
retail location totaling 16
000 product placements on shelves in such 4
000 retail locations.

Management
Plan

During
the Second Quarter 2013
 Management plans to raise capital through debt and/or equity financing. The Company intends to utilize
the capital in order further advertise and market the Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in penetrating additional distribution
channels.

We
plan on increasing our distribution of products into new retail outlets in 2013. The Company has undertaken a national radio campaign
on Sirius XM channels for a substantial portion of the year. Consumer public relations began in January with the hiring of The
Door OnLine
 a firm that specializes in consumer food products. Social media activity has increased with facebook
 twitter
 pinterest
youtube
 newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and helpful consumer content including a recipe bank of videos and special projects such
as a MamaMancini&rsquo;s Meatball Mobile Sweepstakes beginning mid-year. Consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
product demonstrations and co-op retail advertising has been undertaken to increase sales to both existing customers and new customers.

Key
sales personnel have been added and management believes that all major supermarket retailers
 club stores and mass market accounts
are actively being solicited. Additionally
 we have undertaken an effort to develop a sales network to major factors in the food
service industry through fee based consultants who are specialists in this industry. We are also soliciting business in Canada
and the Caribbean.

We
exepct new products to be be tested and offered for sale to our customer base in mid and late 2013. Vegetarian meatballs (Vegan)
Mama&rsquo;s Mac N Cheese
 and a gluten free beef meatball are the first of these new products. In addition we will be testing
cheese stuffed meatballs
 flavored poultry meatballs
 and spicy beef meatballs later in the year as well as potentially pasta
with meatballs.

We
plan to increase our manufacturing source of supply in 2013 to meet increased demand. We plan to add high speed equipment and
new production order flow in 2013. We expect that the labor cost component of the cost of goods sold will decrease in the later
part of 2013 due to the higher speed equipment and order flow. Additionally
 as sales increase
 we expect that our packaging costs
will decrease as we purchase longer runs of material and supplies.

We
expect to have an operating loss in 2013 due to the cost investment in developing new products and expanding our business. These
investments include slotting fees to gain initial distribution
 special marketing demo events to induce trial
 major promotional
campaigns for customers for initial trial
 and the cost of additional personnel or fee based marketing and sales support while
this new business is developing.


    
    



Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

The
following table sets forth the summary income statement for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
Years
    Ended

    
December
    31
 2012
December
    31
 2011

    
    
    

Sales
    - Net of slotting fees and discounts(1)
4
582
845
3
734
062

    
1
352
256
1
237
524

Operating
    Expenses
(3
339
532
(1
885
084

Other Income
    (Expense)
(12
347
(34
168

    
(1
999
623
(681
728


1.
Slotting fees are required in new placements with some
 but not a majority of supermarket chains that the Company does business
with. They are negotiated with each chain depending upon the expected return to the Company. We believe that we have successfully
negotiated such slotting fees to a relatively low expense. We have taken into account future fees currently being negotiated in
preliminary negotiations for new placements. We do not believe our size or financial limitations are an impediment to being able
to pay such slotting fees. We expense these fees as incurred and do not believe they are a major cost to the growth of the Company.

For
the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company reported a net loss of $(1
999
623) and $(681
728)
 respectively. The
change in net loss between the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was primarily attributable to following significant events:



    
    
The
    Company commenced operations during 2010 and has experienced significant growth in sales for the comparable periods. The Company
    sold into approximately 16
000 retail and grocery locations during 2012 as compared to approximately 12
000 during 2011. The
    Company has reinvested proceeds to further develop brand awareness.

    
    
    

    
    
Advertising
    and promotional expense increased by $717
000.

    
    
    

    
    
Legal
    expense increased by $97
000.

    
    
    

    
    
R&amp;D
    increased by $68
000.

    
    
    

    
    
Payroll
    and related expenses increased by $392
000.

    
    
    

    
    
Marketing
    research expenses increased by $72
000.

    
    
    

    
    
Trade
    show and Travel expenses increased by $64
000.

    
    
    

    
    
Commission
    expenses increased by $36
000.


Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 23% to $4
582
845 during the year ended December 31
2012
 from $3
734
062 during the corresponding year ended December 31
 2011. The increase in sales is primarily related to the
company executing on their expansion strategy. The Company has sold into approximately 16
000 retail locations during 2012 as
compared to approximately 12
000 locations in 2011. The Company commenced operations during 2010.


    
    


Gross
Profit: The gross profit margin decreased by approximately 3% of sales during the year ended December 31
 2012 as compared to
the year ended December 31
 2011. This decrease is primarily attributable to slotting fees and discounts.

Operating
Expenses:
 2012
 as compared to the year ended December
31
 2011. The $1
454
448 increase in operating expenses is primarily attributable the following approximate increases in operating
expenses: advertising and promotional expenses of $717
000 related to a new radio advertising campaign and special promotions
legal fees of $97
000 related to the cost of a private placement memorandum and the Company&rsquo;s previous financing
 R&amp;D
of $68
000 related to improving the quality of our product
 payroll and related expense of $392
000 as compensation to three new
members of management and a new sale representative
 marketing research of $72
000 related to research regarding the perception
of our product and our packaging with consumers
 trade show and travel expenses of $64
000 related to the increased cost of more
members of the Company traveling and attending more trade shows as sales increased; and commission expenses of $36
000 related
to increased sales.

Other
Income (Expense): 
821 to $(12
347) for the year ended December 31
 2012 as compared to $(34
168)
during the year ended December 31
 2011. For the year ended December 31
 2012 other expenses consisted of 12
347 in interest expense
incurred on the company&rsquo;s line of credit. For the year ended December 31
 2011 other expenses consisted of a $27
032 loss
on investment in a development stage start-up business and $7
136 in interest expense incurred on the company&rsquo;s line of
credit.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December 31
 2012 compared to December 31
2011:



    
Years
    ended
    

    
December
    31
 2012
December
    31
 2011
    

Current
    Assets
2
964
630
881
336
2
083
294

Current
    Liabilities
529
233
852
038
(322
805

Working
    Capital
2
435
397
29
298
1
760
489


As
of December 31
 2012
 we had working capital of $2
435
397 as compared to working capital of $29
298 as of December 31
 2011
an increase of $1
760
489. The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to the sale of 5
054
000 shares of common
stock during the year ended December 31
 2012 for net proceeds of $4
403
158 offset by net cash used in operating activities during
the year ended December 31
 2012.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $(2
093
214) and $(945
313)
 respectively.
The Net Loss for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $(1
999
623) and $(681
728)
 respectively.

Net
cash in all investing activities for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $(18
288) as compared to $(30
956) for the year ended
December 31
 2011. The Company paid cash for machinery and equipment during the year ended December 31
 2012 in the amount of
$10
000 and made a deposit on equipment in the amount of $8
288. The Company paid cash for machinery and equipment during the
year ended December 31
 2011 in the amount of $24
014 and invested $6
942 for an equity interest in a development stage company.

Net
cash provided by all financing activities for year ended December 31
 2012 was $4
103
158 as compared to $700
000 for the year
ended December 31
 2011. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company sold 5
054
000 shares of common stock for net proceeds
of $4
403
158 and paid down the Company credit line in the amount of $300
000. During the year ended December 31
 2011 the Company
sold 638
298 shares of common stock for net proceeds of $200
000 and made advances on the Company credit line in the amount of
$500
000.


for the next 12 months is $2
200
000 with an estimated burn rate of $183
000 per month. The Company continues to explore potential
expansion opportunities in the industry in order to boost sales while leveraging distribution systems to consolidate lower costs.


    
    


As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operations of $1
999
623 and
$2
093
214
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 2012.

The
ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on Management&rsquo;s plans
 which include the raising of capital
through debt and/or equity markets with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 including term notes
until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to
incur additional liabilities with certain related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.

The
Company may require additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve
its strategic objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
if at all. In that event
 the Company would be required to change its growth strategy and seek funding on that basis
 if at all.

Our
auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our plan regarding these matters is
to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to allow us the ability to cover our current cash flow requirements and meet
our obligations as they become due. There can be no assurances that financing will be available or if available
 that such financing
will be available under favorable terms. In the event that we are unable to generate adequate revenues to cover expenses and cannot
obtain additional financing in the near future
 we may seek protection under bankruptcy laws. The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

 Management plans to raise capital through debt and/or equity financing. The Company intends
to utilize the capital in order further advertise and market the Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in penetrating additional
distribution channels.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

There
are no recent accounting pronouncements that are expected to have an effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions
 judgments and subjective
interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expense amounts reported.
These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding
contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP
and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies
impact our financial condition and results of operations
 we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to
be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management to use
a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given
current facts and circumstances
 it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause
effect on our consolidated results of operations
 financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report.


    
    


We
believe the following critical accounting policies and procedures
 among others
 affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Use
of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.
Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value
of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual
results could differ significantly from our estimates.

Stock-Based
Compensation - The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation&rdquo; established financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines
a fair value based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation
cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance
with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling
Goods or Services&rdquo;.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share
based payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Share based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value
of the share-based payment
 whichever is more readily determinable. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously
recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses
are included in cost of goods sold or Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
in the Statement of Operations.

When
computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
The
    risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the
    option in effect at the time of the grant.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common
    stock in the foreseeable future.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    expected warrant term is the contractual term of the warrant.

    
    
    

    
    
Given
    the Company is privately held
 expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry.


Revenue
The Company follows the guidance of the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 104 for revenue recognition and records revenue when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of
the related customer receivable is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products. Sales are recognized upon
shipment of products to customers.

Advertising
- Costs incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred.


    
    


Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements:

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
also known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo; (SPEs).

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-20 which appear at the end of this Annual Report.



    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDING&rsquo;S
 INC

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011 





    
    

    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Balance
    Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Statements
    of Operations For the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity(Deficit) For the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Statements
    of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Notes
    to Financial Statements
    




    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Mama
Mancini&rsquo;s Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Mama Mancini&rsquo;s Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related statements
of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the two years in the two year period ended December 31
 2012.
Mama Mancini&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Mama
Mancini&rsquo;s Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2012 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that Mama Mancini&rsquo;s Inc. will continue as a going concern.
As more fully described in the notes to the financial statements
 the Company&rsquo;s operating losses since inception raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Somerset
New Jersey
April 12
2013



    
    




 Inc.
Balance
Sheets



    

&nbsp;2012

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
008
161
16
505


 net
463
565
581
479

    
76
570
101
110

    
64
178
79
382

    
159
200
    

    
192
956
102
860

    
2
964
630
881
336

    
    
    


 net
17
451
20
015

    
    
    

    
2
982
081
901
351

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
329
233
282
494

    
200
000
500
000

    
    
69
544

    
529
233
852
038

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 40
000
000 shares authorized;
    20
054
000 and 15
000
000 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
20
054
15
000

    
5
784
827
1
386
723

    
(3
352
033
(1
352
410

    
2
452
848
49
313

    
    
    

    
2
982
081
901
351



notes to financial statements


    
    




 Inc.
Statements
of Operations



    
    

    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
4
582
845
3
734
062

    
    
    

    
3
230
589
2
496
538

    
    
    

    
1
352
256
1
237
524

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
68
372
    

    
3
271
160
1
885
084

    
3
339
532
1
885
084

    
    
    

    
(1
987
276
(647
560

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(12
347
(7
136

    
    
(27
032

    
(12
347
(34
168

    
    
    

    
(1
999
623
(681
728

    
    
    


    diluted
    
    

    
    
    


    and diluted
17
358
333
14
818
086



notes to financial statements


    
    




 Inc.
Statement
of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2010
14
361
702
14
362
1
187
361
(670
682
531
041

    
    
    
    
    
    


    cash
638
298
    
199
362
    
200
000

    
    
    
    
    
    


    year ended December 31
 2011
    
    
    
(681
728
(681
728

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2011
15
000
000
15
000
1
386
723
(1
352
410
49
313

    
    
    
    
    
    


    cash
5
054
000
5
054
5
048
946
    
5
054
000

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
438
122
    
438
122

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
088
964
    
(1
088
964

    
    
    
    
    
    


    year ended December 31
 2012
    
    
    
(1
999
623
(1
999
623

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
20
054
000
20
054
5
784
827
(3
352
033
2
452
848



notes to financial statements


    
    




 Inc.
Statements
of Cash Flows



    
    

    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
999
623
(681
728


    activities:
    
    

    
12
564
9
612

    
    
27
032

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
117
914
(410
117

    
24
540
22
980

    
23
492
(66
343

    
(159
200
    

    
(90
096
(102
860

    
    
    

    
46
739
186
567

    
(69
544
69
544

    
(2
093
214
(945
313

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(10
000
(24
014

    
(8
288
    

    
    
(6
942

    
(18
288
(30
956

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
054
000
200
000

    
(650
842
    

    
    
500
000

    
(300
000
    

    
4
103
158
700
000

    
    
    

    
1
991
656
(276
269

    
    
    

    
16
505
292
774

    
    
    

    
2
008
161
16
505

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
347
7
136

    
    
    


    AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

    
    
    

    
438
121
    

    
    
20
090



notes to financial statements


    
    




 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011






was organized on February 21
 2012 as a Delaware corporation.


 2012
 the Company entered into
a share exchange (the &ldquo;Reorganization&rdquo;) with MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) whereby the Unit holders
of the LLC exchanged all 4
700 Ownership Units outstanding for 15
000
000 shares of Company common stock and 223
404 common stock
options. All equity accounts have been retrospectively recast as a result of the Reorganization.


operations of the LLC.&nbsp;The historical financial statements of the Company are those of the LLC.


of a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats
with sauces. The Company&rsquo;s customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeastern
and Southeastern United States regions.


periods through and including December 31
 2012 are those of the Company.&nbsp; As a result of the Reorganization
 the equity
sections of the LLC for all prior periods presented reflect the Reorganization described above and are consistent with the December
31
 2012 balance sheet presented for the Company.


the presentation of pro-forma financial information was not required.




related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S.
GAAP&rdquo;).

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies




 requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions
impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value of share-based payments.


significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in
the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly from our
estimates.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including
financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future
expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
among others
 industry
 (ii)&nbsp;general economic
conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii)&nbsp;the
 in connection with the Company&rsquo;s
distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on
a consistent basis.




reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.




purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December 31
2012 and 2011.


with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed
federally insured limits. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 no cash balances exceeded the federally insured limit.




management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables.&nbsp;The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management.&nbsp;The maximum accounting loss
from the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of
the receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.




the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    

    31
 2012

    31
 2011

    
76
570
101
110




    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.
Notes to Financial
Statements
December 31
 2012 and 2011




Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


are:



    
    
    





 the fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s short term financial instruments approximates
fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.




Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity. Offering costs recorded to equity for
the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
088
964 and $0
 respectively.




Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $68
372 and $0
 respectively.




and the related freight costs as cost of sales.




all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales
price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&nbsp;
There is no stated right of return for products.




    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011


are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    

    Ended 
 2012

    Ended 
 2011

    
4
948
254
3
843
066


 Discounts
 Allowances
365
409
109
004

    
4
582
845
3
734
062





to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products.&nbsp; Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
and print production costs.




advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
460
000 and $743
000
 respectively.




in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;) which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in
accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting
for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling
 Goods or Services&rdquo;.


payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are
based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.&nbsp;Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees
for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable
value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period.
If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011 share based compensation amounted to $438
122 and $0 respectively. The $438
122 recorded for the year ended December
31
 2012 was a direct cost of the stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011


the Company has considered the following variables:

The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option
in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.61%-1.01%.


has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in
the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.


warrant term is the contractual term of the warrant.


the Company is privately held
 expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected
volatility had a range of 128%-147%.




by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from
the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.


stock equivalents at December 31
 2012:




 exercise price of $1.00

400


 exercise price of $1.00

404

    

804



equivalents at December 31
 2011.


2012 and 2011
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive.&nbsp;A separate computation
of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.




 Accounting
for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting
and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax
assets and liabilities.


in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


included in general and administrative expenses.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




that are expected to have an effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.&nbsp;




events through March 29
 2013
 which is the date these financial statements were available to be issued.




statements
 the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operations of $1
999
623 and $2
093
214
 respectively
 for the year
ended December 31
 2012.


operations is dependent on Management&rsquo;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets with
some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 including term notes
 until such time that funds provided by
operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to incur additional liabilities with certain
related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.


to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives.&nbsp; The
Company believes its current available cash along with anticipated revenues may be insufficient to meet its cash needs for the
near future if it does not receive the anticipated additional funding.&nbsp; There can be no assurance that financing will be
available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. In that event
growth strategy and seek funding
on that basis
 if at all.


 Management
intends to raise capital through debt and/or equity financing. The Company intends to utilize the capital in order further advertise
and market the Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in penetrating additional distribution channels.


been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business.&nbsp; These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

Note 4 &ndash; Property
 Plant and Equipment:


 plant and equipment on December 31
 2012 and 2011 are
as follows:



    

    31
 2012

    31
 2011

    
39
627
29
627

    
22
176
9
612

    
17
451
20
015



the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 amounted to $12
564 and $9
612 respectively.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2010 the Company signed a revolving
note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) with The Provident Bank (the &ldquo;Bank&rdquo;). The outstanding balance of this Note is limited
to $1
000
000 and expired August 31
 2012. On November 16
 2012
 the maturity date of the Note was extended to January 1
 2013
and on January 7
 2013 was further extended to May 1
 2013. The outstanding balance accrues interest at a variable rate of 1.00%
over the Wall Street Journal prime rate with a floor of 4.50% per annum. Interest is payable monthly and the rate as of December
31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 was 4.50% and 4.50%
 respectively.


(75 days from invoice) and 35% of finished goods inventory. Inventory advances shall be capped at $250
000. Concentrations from
any one customer exceeding 30% of total accounts receivable will be excluded from the borrowing base availability. The note is
secured by accounts receivable
 inventory
 financial instruments
 equipment
 general intangibles and investment property and personal
and unconditional guarantees of two of the shareholders of the Company.


at December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $200
000 and $500
000
 respectively.




 the Company advanced $20
090
to an individual. There was an implied agreement that the advance would convert into an equity interest in a new entity.


interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032
 which includes the conversion of the
$20
090 advance above. This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded
at acquisition cost plus the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011
the investment was brought down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.


interest in MO fell to 28% due to dilution.


 2012
and 2011
 sales to MO were $73
768 and 4
124
 respectively. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the accounts receivable balance from
MO was $12
680 and $0.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011


Obsession
 LLC is as follows:



    

    
    
    

    

    31
 2012

    31
 2011

    
    
    

    
117
777
246
100

    
5
234
    

    
14
935
    

    
75
861
    

    
60
370
32
500

    
274
177
278
600

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
25
731
    

    
8
354
    

    
34
085
    

    
240
092
278
600

    
274
177
278
600





    of Operations Data

    
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2011

    
315
493
    

    
129
571
4
950

    
534
961
143
772

    
(349
039
(148
721

    
(1
988
    

    
(351
027
(148
432







 2010
 the Company entered into
a five year agreement with a Manufacturer (the &ldquo;Manufacturer&rdquo;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer is owned by
the CEO and President of the Company. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license
to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed
by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the
agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&rsquo;s products and the Company has the right
to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic
renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel
the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.


specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense for packaging
and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in ordinary packaging
or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping materials and
to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the product
 other
than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred in repackaging.
Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


 the Company purchased
substantially all of it&rsquo;s inventory from the Manufacturer. At December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the Company has a
deposit on inventory in the amount of $192
956 and $102
860
 respectfully
 to this Manufacturer.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2012
and 2011
 the Manufacturer received payments on behalf of the Company for the Company&rsquo;s customer invoices and the Manufacturer
incurred expenses on behalf of the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
the amount due from the Manufacturer is as follows:



    
    
    


    of Company
301
447
42
092

    
(142
247
(111
636

    
159
200
(69
544







 2012 and
2011
 the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:



    

    31
 2012

    31
 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2012 and
2011
 the Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:



    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2012 and
2011
 the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:



    
December
                                                                                                          31
 2012
December
                                                                                                          31
 2011

    
    
    




    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2012
 the Company entered into
a share exchange (the &ldquo;Reorganization&rdquo;) with MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) whereby the Unit holders
of the LLC exchanged all 4
700 Ownership Units outstanding for 15
000
000 shares of Company common stock and 223
404 common stock
options. The stock options have an exercise price of $1.00
 vest immediately and have a five year expiration term. All equity
accounts have been retrospectively recast as a result of the Reorganization.






298 shares for cash
proceeds of $200
000 ($3.19/share).




054
000 shares for cash
proceeds of $5
054
000 ($1.00/share).




option activity:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
223
404
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
223
404
    


 2012
223
404
    




Options
    Outstanding
Options
    Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of &nbsp;exercise
Number
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    Contractual Life (in years)
Weighted
    Average
    Exercise Price
Number
    
Weighted
    Average 
    Exercise Price

    
223
404
    
    
223
404
    



 2012 and 2011
 the total intrinsic
value of options outstanding and exercisable was $0.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




warrant activity:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
505
400
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
505
400
    


 2012
505
400
    





Warrants
    Outstanding
Warrants
    Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of &nbsp;exercise
Number
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    Contractual Life (in years)
Weighted
    Average
    Exercise Price
Number
    
Weighted
    Average 
    Exercise Price

    
505
400
    
    
505
400
    



 2012 and 2011
 the total intrinsic
value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $0.



Litigations
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become
involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation is subject
to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business.
The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the
aggregate
 a material adverse affect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2010
 the Company was assigned
a Development and License agreement (&ldquo;the Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop
for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats with sauces for
commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;).
Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor
Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production
of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on
each December 31 is referred to herein as an &ldquo;Agreement Year.&rdquo;


 2009
(the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended as provided
herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th
and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement Year
Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &ldquo;Minimum
Royalty&rdquo;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement
and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)
years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee
that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
 or until terminated by Licensee


in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60)
days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights
are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in this


is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:


Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &ldquo;Royalty Rate&rdquo;)
 multiplied by Company&rsquo;s
&ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo;. As used herein
 &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly
to unrelated third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually
allowed or granted from the billed amount (collectively &ldquo;Discounts&rdquo;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually
granted upon claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &ldquo;Credits&rdquo;);
(c) freight
 postage
 shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by
the billing amount
 when included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts
determined in accordance with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011


up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of
$20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


 the
Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    

    Royalty to be Paid 
    with Respect to Such Agreement Year

st
    
    

rd
    
50
000

    
    6
75
000

th
    
100
000

th
    
125
000



121 and $124
139 of royalty expenses
for the years December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative expenses on
the Statement of Operations.




and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;) effective December 1
 2011 (the
&ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act as the Company&rsquo;s
exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the
&ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of up to $6 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments
(the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).


shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.
The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants
(the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of
shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible
or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing
on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors
in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange
price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided
herein with respect to each such closing.


 the Company shall
pay up to $40
000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing
 together with cost of background checks
on the officers and directors of the Company.


to Spartan fees of $505
400 and issued Spartan 505
400 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.00.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2011
 the Company entered into
a five year agreement with a non-related party manufacturer. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the manufacturer
a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of
Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions
and replacements developed by the Company. The manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.
Under the terms of the agreement the manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&rsquo;s products and the
Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains
a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period
either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.


specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense for packaging
and shipping materials or in the manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in ordinary packaging
or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping materials and
to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the product
 other
than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the manufacturer for any labor costs incurred in repackaging.
Per the agreement all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


 the Company
is required to acquire and install production equipment at the manufacturer&rsquo;s facility to be used solely for the manufacturing
of the Company&rsquo;s products. The manufacturer will bear all costs of operating and maintaining the production equipment during
the period in which the manufacturer is manufacturing products pursuant to the agreement. The production equipment shall be owned
by the Company.


 the agreement was terminated
and production equipment held by the manufacturer was returned to the Company.





    
    

&nbsp;2012
    

&nbsp;2011

    
    
    

    
1
762
202
    

    
    
    

    
599
149
    

    
(599
149
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holding&rsquo;s
 Inc.

December 31
 2012 and 2011


upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to
be available to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain
 the Company recorded
a full valuation allowance.


 2012
 the Company has net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1
762
202. Net operating loss carryforwards expires follows:



    
    


 2032
1
762
202







 2013
 Mascot Properties
 Inc.
a Nevada corporation (&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;)
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Mascot (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and David Dreslin
 an individual (the
&ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant
to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into the Company
 with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mascot
(the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;).
The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding capital stock of the Company in exchange for
issuing the Company&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
 pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Immediately after the Merger was consummated
 and further to the Agreement
 the majority
shareholders and certain affiliates of the Mascot cancelled a total of 103
408
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
held by them (the &ldquo;Cancellation&rdquo;). In consideration of the Cancellation of such of common stock
 Mascot paid the Majority
Shareholder in aggregate of $295
000 and released the other affiliates from certain liabilities. In addition
 the Mascot has agreed
to spinout to the Majority Shareholder of and all assets related to Mascot&rsquo;s real estate management business within 30 days
after the closing. As a result of the Merger and the Cancellation
 the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders
of Mascot.


    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

On
January 24
 2013
 our board of directors dismissed Seale and Beers
&rdquo;)
 as our independent
registered public accountant.

Seale
and Beers&rsquo;s report on the financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2012 and 2011 contained no adverse opinion
or disclaimer of opinion
 and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle
 other than
for a going concern.

During
the fiscal years ended June 30
 2012 and 2011
 and in the subsequent interim period through December 31
 2012
 there were no disagreements
with Seale and Beers on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or
procedure
 which disagreements
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of Seale and Beers
 would have caused them to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreements in its reports on the financial statements for such year. During the fiscal years ended
June 30
 2012 and 2011
 and in the subsequent interim period through December 31
 2012
 there were no reportable events as defined
in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

On
January 24
 2013
 our board of directors approved the engagement of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman and Company
 Certified Public
&rdquo;)
 as the Company&rsquo;s new independent registered public accounting firm.

During
the fiscal year ended June 30
 2012 and June 30
 2011
 and the subsequent interim period prior to the engagement of RRBB
 the
Company has not consulted RRBB regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction
 either completed
or proposed; (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and either a written
report was provided to the registrant or oral advice was provided that the new accountant concluded was an important factor considered
by the registrant in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue; or (iii) any matter that
was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(o)(1)(iv)) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)).

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


    
    


(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of December 31
 2012
 it had material weaknesses in its internal control procedures.

As
of December 31
 2012
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s
assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small
number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation
we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not feasible to hire additional
staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether
improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.


    
    


This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.

Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. We intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements
to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
    
We
    will document a formal code of ethics.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    will continue to update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial
    reporting processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2012 assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.

Subsequent
to December 31 2012
 we have undertaken the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.


Item
9B. Other Information.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of April12
 2013. There are no familial relationships between
or among the directors or executive officers of the Company.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Altobello
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
Vice
    President of Finance


Carl
Wolf
 
 has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of companies in the food industry. Mr. Wolf
has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present.
Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company with
over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy
component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publically traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay a publically traded direct seller of spoken word through its
audio book club and old time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from 2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh.

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown
 
 has over 19 years of experience in the sales and marketing of products in the food industry. Beginning in February
2010 through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served
as the President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business.
He previously worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous
aspects of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.


    
    


Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991
and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Steven
Burns
 
 has over 20 years of experience in the management and operations of various companies. Mr. Burns has served
as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Additionally
 beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works
as the President and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to day operations of the company
 which primarily
deal with investments and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality and healthy food services
and healthcare technology. Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he
led the U.S. Health Insurance Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial
committees and boards of directors throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino
 
 has over 34 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution
companies. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning
in March 2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services
the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February
2001 as Vice-President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from
February 1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket
Enterprises.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto
 
 has over 32 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution companies.
Mr. Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day to day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.

Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.


    
    


Dan
Altobello

 has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s since 2012. Since October 2000
 Mr. Altobello
 Chairman
of Altobello Family LP
 has been a private investor and active board member of several companies. From September 1995 until October
2000
 Mr. Altobello was the Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc.
 the parent of Caterair International
 Inc. and LSG/SKY Chefs.
He is a current member of the boards of directors of DiamondRock Hospitality Company
 a publicly-traded hotel REIT
 Northstar
Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
 a private company that intends to qualify as a REIT
 Mesa Air Group
 Inc. and Arlington Asset Investment
Corp 
 a principal investment firm that acquires and holds mortgage-related and other assets. From 2004 to December 2010
 he served
as a member of the board of JER Investors Trust
 Inc.
 a specialty finance company. Mr. Altobello serves on the advisory board
of Thayer | Hidden Creek
 a private equity firm. Mr. Altobello is also a trustee of Loyola Foundation
 Inc.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Altobello&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the areas of specialty finance. He also has experience in the area of food service distribution
 due
to his past position as Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc. His past and present service on multiple public and private company
boards
 including his service on the audit committee of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Northstar Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
provides him with comprehensive experience in the area of corporate governance that can be extremely valuable to Board and Company
operations.

Mr.
Altobello
 received his B.A. from Georgetown University in June 1963 and his M.B.A. from Loyola University Maryland in June 1978.

Dean
Janeway
 
 has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s since 2012. Mr. Janeway is an executive with more than 40
years of broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational
oversight and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the
largest retailer-owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990. Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions
of increasing responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions.
From 1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
whole sale wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and
his proven track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

Lewis
Ochs
 
 has over 40 years of experience in the financial and accounting industry. From February 2010 through the present
he has served as the Executive Vice President of Finance for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Additionally
 beginning in January 2003 and
still presently
 he serves as the CFO of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing all of the financial aspects of the company.
From 1979 through 1991
 he also was an owner of Captive Plastics
 Inc.
 a large molding manufacturer
 directly contributing to
the overseeing of over 500 union and non-union employees. At various times in his career he also acted as an independent consultant
utilizing his financial skills including forensic accounting
 restructuring of businesses
 and as a field examiner for lending
institutions.

Mr.
Ochs received his B.S. in Accounting from the University of Akron in 1970.


    
    


In
evaluating Mr. Ochs&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in finance and accounting
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Family
Relationships

Mr. Matthew
Brown
 our President
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Committees


As
of December 31
 2012 we did not have any committees but anticipate establishing an audit committee and a compensation committee
in the near future.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

COMPLIANCE
WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
fiscal year ended October 31
 2011
 were timely.

Code
of Ethics

We
do not currently have a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Accounting
Officer or Controller
 or persons performing similar functions. Because we have only limited business operations and four officers
and directors
 we believe a code of ethics would have limited utility. We intend to adopt such a code of ethics as our business
operations expand and we have more directors
 officers and employees.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the periods ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.



Name
    and
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    ($)
    
    
    ($)
    
    
    Plan
    ($)
    
    
    Deferred
    Earnings 
All
    Other
    ($)
    
    

David
    Dreslin Former
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Carl Wolf CEO/Chairman
    (2)
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000

    
    
35
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lewis Ochs(3)
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
55
000

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
000

    
    
33
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matt Brown
    
    
91
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
91
667

    
    
90
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
90
000

    
    
37
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
500




    
    
Mr.
    Dreslin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation
    from MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation from
    MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Ochs was appointed as Vice President of Finance of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation
    from MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.



    
    


2012
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END



OPTION
    AWARDS
STOCK
    AWARDS

Name
    (a)
Number
    of 
    Underlying 
    Options 
    Exercisable 
Number&nbsp;of
    
    Underlying 
    Options 
    Unexercisable
Equity
    
    Plan 
    Number&nbsp;of 
    Underlying 
    Unearned 
    
    (d)
Option
    
    Price
    (e)
Option
    
    Date
Number
    
    Shares 
    of 
    That 
    Not 
    (#)
Market
    
    of 
    or 
    of 
    That 
    Not 
    ($) 
    
Equity
    
    Plan 
    Number 
 Shares
 
    Units&nbsp;or 
    Rights 
    Have Not 
    (#)
Equity
    
    Plan 
    Market 
    Value&nbsp;of 
    Shares
 
    
    Rights 
    Have Not 
    (#) 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

David
    Dreslin Former Chief Executive Officer(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Carl Wolf Chief
    Executive Officer(2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew Brown
    President(3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven Burns
    Director(4)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    Director(5)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thomas Toto
    Director(6)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dan Altobello
    Director(7)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dean Janeway
    Director(8)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Mr.
    Dreslin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013



    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named directors by us during
the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010.



    
    
    Principal
    
Salary
    ($)
Bonus
    ($)
Stock
    Awards ($)
Option
    Awards ($)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
All
    Other Compensation ($)
Total
    ($)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Former
    Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chairman
    of the Board
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven Burns
    (4)
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
167
4
167

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Mr.
    Dreslin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being a
    director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect
    to being a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being a
    director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being
    a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being
    a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf 

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term
of 3 years
 terminating on March 5
 2015
 unless otherwise renewed by MamaMancini&rsquo;s. As compensation for his services
 Mr.
Wolf receives a base salary of $150
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to receive Termination
Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction
with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v)
any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s behalf.

Matthew
Brown 

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
for a term of 3 years
 terminating on unless otherwise renewed by MamaMancini&rsquo;s. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Brown
receives a base salary of $110
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
Mr. Brown is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Brown is subject to
confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown is also entitled to
receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment
is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s behalf.

Lewis
Ochs 

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Lewis Ochs as our Executive Vice President of
Finance for a term of 1 year
 terminating on March 5
 2013. MamaMancini&rsquo;s has since renewed Mr. Ochs Employment Agreement
for a period of one year which expires on March 5
 2014. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Ochs receives a base salary of
$60
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Ochs is eligible to receive
an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Ochs is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding
MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Ochs is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined
in Section 11.1 of Mr. Ochs&rsquo; Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v)
any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common
stock as of April 12
 2013
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all
shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.



Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner(1)
    
    

    
    
    

Directors
    and named Executive Officers
    
    

    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
5
154
255
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
255
    

    
    
    

    
1
005
319
    

    
    
    

    
644
521
    

    
    
    

    
644
521
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

All Directors
    and executive officers as a group (5 persons)
12
602
871
&nbsp;60.6
                                                                                                                                             


*
Less than one percent.

(1)
Except as otherwise indicated
 the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them
 subject to community property laws where applicable and to the information
contained in the footnotes to this table. Unless otherwise indicated
 the address of the beneficial owner is MamaMancini&rsquo;s
25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
(2)
Pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act
 beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a shareholder has
sole or shared voting power or investment power
 and also any shares which the shareholder has the right to acquire within 60
days

854
000

 2013.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
(3)
The 5
154
255 shares are held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full
voting control of such shares.


    
    


(4)
The 5
154
255 shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full
voting control of such shares.

(5)
957
448 common shares are held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 an S-Corp 100% wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Steven Burns also personally
owns 47
871 options to purchase common shares.

(6)
Includes options to purchase 25
372 common shares.

(7)
Includes options to purchase 25
372 common shares.

(8)
Includes options to purchase 223
404 common shares.

General


The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred
stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Preferred
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. Currently we have no shares of
preferred stock issued and outstanding.

Common
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. After the Merger we currently have
20
854
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock shall have one (1) vote per share for all purpose. Our common stock does not provide a preemptive
 subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled
to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.



We
have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our
board of directors and depends upon our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 our general economic
conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.



As
of April 12
 2013

400 outstanding warrants to purchase our common shares.
The warrants are exercisable for a term of five years with an exercise price of $1.00.



There
are 223
404 outstanding options to purchase our securities.

While
there is no established public trading market for our Common Stock
 our Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB and OTCBB
under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.

The
market price of our Common Stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in our quarterly operating results
general trends in the market and other factors
 over many of which we have little or no control. In addition
 broad market fluctuations
as well as general economic
 business and political conditions
 may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock
 regardless
of our actual or projected performance.


    
    




As
of April 12
 2013
 we have 20
854
000 shares of our common stock par value
 $0.00001
 issued and outstanding. There are approximately
122 holders of our common stock.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

As
of December 31
 2012
 there were no transactions since the beginning of the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 in which the Company
was a participant and the amount involved exceeded $120
000
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest.

As
of April 12
 2013 MamaMancini&rsquo;s is under a supply and management agreement with HDU until February 28
 2015. From March
1
 2010 to December 31
 2011
 under the terms of such agreement with HDU
 we reimbursed HDU for salaries and expenses related
to our operations. A total of $193
500 was reimbursed in salaries to HDU since March 1
 2010. HDU is owned by Matthew Brown and
Karen Wolf (55%) and by Carl and Marion Wolf (45%)
 all of whom are shareholders of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Matthew Brown and Carl
Wolf are also both officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. In addition
 a total of $176
228 was incurred as other general
and administrative expenses between the company and HDU. These expenses included insurance
 freight
 travel and other general
and overhead expenses.

HDU
owned by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf and by Carl and Marion Wolf
 as discussed in the preceding paragraph
 is also contracted
to produce and manufacture food products for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Currently
 HDU serves as our principal food manufacturing company.
For the fiscal year 2010 and 2011 we paid HDU $2
426
066 and $1
047
670 respectively for the manufacturing of products. At December
31
 2011
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has a deposit on inventory in the amount of $100
000 to this manufacturer.

From
the inception of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 February 22
 2010 through December 31
 2012
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s paid an entity (Lakota
Holdings LLC) controlled by Carl Wolf $139
926 for salaries and expense reimbursements for Carl Wolf.

Director
Independence

The
common stock of the Company is currently quoted on the OTCBB and OTCQB
 quotation systems which currently do not have director
independence requirements. On an annual basis
 each director and executive officer will be obligated to disclose any transactions
with the Company in which a director or executive officer
 or any member of his or her immediate family
 have a direct or indirect
material interest in accordance with Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K. Following completion of these disclosures
 the Board will
make an annual determination as to the independence of each director using the current standards for &ldquo;independence&rdquo;
that satisfy the criteria for the Nasdaq.

For
purposes of determining independence
 the Company has adopted the definition of independence as contained in NASDAQ Market Place
Rules 4200. Pursuant to the definition
 the Company has determined that Steven Burns
 Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 Thomas Toto
 Dan
Altobello and Dean Janeway qualify as independent.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

Audit
Fees

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the
fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $25
000 and $0
 respectively.


    
    


Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $0 and $0.

Tax
Fees

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax
advice
 and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees
billed for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
600 and $-0-
 respectively.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures
    are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures
    do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.



As
of December 31
 2012 we did not have an audit committee. Our board of directors pre-approved all services provided by our independent
auditors.

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
    
    
    

    
    
Acquisition
    and Plan of Merger Agreement dated January 24
 2013 by and among Mascot Properties
 Inc.
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp.
    and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 2.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 of the Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws
    (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.2 of the Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws
    of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.4 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Supply
    Agreement between MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. and Hors d&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit
    10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Development
    and License Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Letter

    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Letter
    of Resignation from David Dreslin
 dated January 23
 2013. (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


*
Filed Herewith.


    
    





 the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.




    
MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 Inc.

    
    
    

Date: April 16
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    













     



Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Mama
Mancini&rsquo;s Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Mama Mancini&rsquo;s Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related statements
of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the two years in the two year period ended December 31
 2012.
Mama Mancini&rsquo;s Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Mama
Mancini&rsquo;s Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2012 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that Mama Mancini&rsquo;s Inc. will continue as a going concern.
As more fully described in the notes to the financial statements
 the Company&rsquo;s operating losses since inception raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Somerset
New Jersey
April 12
2013



    
    














     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K being filed;



Based on my knowledge
 the
Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by
the Report;



Based on my knowledge
 the
financial statements
 and other financial information included in the Report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in the Report;



The small business issuer&rsquo;s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:



Designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   caused
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   under
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   supervision
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ensure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   material
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   relating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   including
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   made
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   known
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   us
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   within
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   those
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   entities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   particularly
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   during
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   prepared;


Designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   caused
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   under
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   supervision
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reasonable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   assurance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   regarding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reliability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   preparation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   external
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   purposes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   accordance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   generally
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   accepted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   principles;


Evaluated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   effectiveness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   presented
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   conclusions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   about
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   effectiveness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   as
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   covered
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   based
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   evaluation;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and


Disclosed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   any
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   change
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   occurred
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   during
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   most
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   recent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fiscal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   quarter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fourth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fiscal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   quarter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   case
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   annual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   has
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   materially
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   affected
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reasonably
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   likely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   materially
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   affect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and


I have disclosed
 based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors and the audit
committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



All
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   deficiencies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   material
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   weaknesses
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   design
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   operation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reasonably
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   likely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   adversely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   affect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   record
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   process
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   summarize
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and



Any
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fraud
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   not
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   material
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   involves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   employees
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   who
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   have
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   role
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
April 16
 2013



    
    














     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K being filed;



Based on my knowledge
 the
Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by
the Report;



Based on my knowledge
 the
financial statements
 and other financial information included in the Report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in the Report;



The small business issuer&rsquo;s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:



Designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   caused
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   under
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   supervision
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ensure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   material
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   relating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   including
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   its
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   consolidated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   made
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   known
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   us
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   within
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   those
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   entities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   particularly
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   during
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   being
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   prepared;



Designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   caused
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   be
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   designed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   under
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   supervision
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   provide
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reasonable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   assurance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   regarding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reliability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   preparation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   external
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   purposes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   accordance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   generally
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   accepted
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   principles;



Evaluated
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   effectiveness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   presented
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   conclusions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   about
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   effectiveness
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   disclosure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   controls
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   procedures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   as
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   end
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   covered
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   based
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   evaluation;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and



Disclosed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   this
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   any
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   change
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   occurred
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   during
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   most
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   recent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fiscal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   quarter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fourth
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fiscal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   quarter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   case
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   annual
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   has
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   materially
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   affected
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   is
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reasonably
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   likely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   materially
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   affect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and


I have disclosed
 based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



All
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   deficiencies
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   material
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   weaknesses
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   design
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   operation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reasonably
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   likely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   adversely
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   affect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   record
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   process
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   summarize
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   report
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   information;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and



Any
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fraud
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   whether
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   not
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   material
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   involves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   employees
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   who
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   have
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   significant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   role
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   small
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   issuer&rsquo;s
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   internal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reporting.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
April 16
 2013



    
    














     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with this Annual Report of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2012
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Carl Wolf
 Principal
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
    15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and




    
    
The
information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 fairly presents
 in all material
respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date:
    April 16
 2013 
    
/s/
    


    
    
Carl
    Wolf


    
    
Principal Executive
    Officer 




    
    














     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period
ending December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
Carl Wolf
 Principal Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with
the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and



The information contained in
the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.






    
    

    
    
    

    
    

Accounting Officer



    
    












begin 644 image002.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#UB&$7$EPT
MDDV1*5`$K*`

M[_XT?8HO[\__`'_?_&K%%`%?[%%_?G_[_O\`XT?8HO[\_P#W_?\`QJQ10!7^
MQ1?WY_\`O^_^-'V*+^_/_P!_W_QJQ10!7^Q1?WY_^_[_`.-'V*+^_/\`]_W_
M`
:L44`5_L47]^?_`+_O_C1]BB_OS_\`?]_\:L44`5_L47]^?_O^_P#C1]BB
M_OS_`/?]_P#&K%%`%?[%%_?G_P_[_XT?8HO[\__`'_?_&K%%`%?[%%_?G_[
M_O\`XT?8HO[\_P#W_?\`QJQ10!7^Q1?WY_\`O^_^-'V*+^_/_P!_W_QJQ10!
M7^Q1?WY_^_[_`.-'V*+^_/\`]_W_`,:L44`5_L47]^?_`+_O_C1]BB_OS_\`
M?]_\:L44`5_L47]^?_O^_P#C1]BB_OS_`/?]_P#&K%%`%?[%%_?G_P_[_XT




M97$TD=H-20G_`%3?G7




M13!EVE@748;MS3_













MJ4]QYDD-H+8I*C*K@\`C.0



[2TIXC4#CZGM3(IXP[Q2*\3%?F&,C!/.#VQFHK`227,ZSWJP!#K(`


@[^M,N+96M=L;(<'<
MFT\U/:W316;7[L6\L<B

MW'U!!^N:W-&U&+3KF!))9)EF22-7`[G!'_H/ZUE9IZEP?++4]4TR7[7:AP?F

M

W.#[=?I7.Z@CV^JW$%VZ
MN\)

TBQKP6`S@`G%;%I+;RW:D!@[KPFS

M)G55R

`V




%%[C\ZU](EBB3#9Y'452U7238WDTJ







MXFBT[-;WD7E`H0
\?RK5DOHO[%@TR/A1.S.?3C&#Z]:P#=.\I:3OT'I5H-O1



3@_4_2N1K0^CPB4(M(VK2XDE


UY=M*9MCP+N#D9!X[YKC-1@BMY=L;ASWQVJSIC7%NGFEW6-
M\[5[-BO1G34HW1\_1JN-37H=!XH:756@ALHN&`#Y(&W';Z?X5@/I&HZ8@GGM
MV6
@;M[5RJI[)VZ'14P\*_P]B]]4<0DSI$JE



MQ2*
(X^OK74QW4)L=H;81E9'7G?SZ^E;7B+4M.A@338XXY\QKD'[D:XXS[XJ

+P6T+




$C)KLPS3DVCPL5&U.[=VW^GYF[574?^/)_]Y?_`$(5


M/I5FY8B3(8DCGI44
<^L74

M\7;;




MJ/''$@D5^`N
@C/0YKEG&TO(]6




.X/M72W4



MI0F6X``9DD(QZL87E+F1HIPAI+^O,X#3XUMT6XB27=*.6^\1S5VS634+-S





M%%4H)$3KU)Z2=SSG4=*U?593+?W4LY]&;Y1]!TK&O-&-HA+=J]:DM48$!17
SG?H3_`&;&,5H6EOL&2*@M9)#@2VLN?]E<UOV-G+<`.UE`/=QBN&4
M:DM+'O2QE-0W*%R_DVSD#'!KTKP6^_P?IC$$9A'7ZFN=3P[F/
J@GTKL-%MQ
M:Z/;0*


J@&I4058ELB#D5$(G3@BH+!



M4N:JQ%QJ6\:#H*?P.@I
T9%
0IIA7-.S10
A


Q_X]9



M


Y4
*_%CZ1JEA86\T<.;B$W4DJ$@Q/(%VK_`+6,DGL![B@#
MK**YS7=1U*QURT8RRVVDD1K)-'D@

\T+:





Y]N:`.LHKB






_

^N:U**`
X:!I8NYKH6:^9.&$
MHW'8^1@Y3.TY'?%%MH.F6BP+#;8%M*98=TC-L;:4R


B)4%1RW*ERY!YY!9F.#QS6S10!AZEX5LM6UR._
MO5$L
=HUN(.1U8-G((XP

M.GA/0HX6A&GH8VC:+:S
V$8J2!D\#*+TZ8&*CF\):.8YS!8P+-*DBAI0TB#?



$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

Q]ZD^PV_]U_^_C?XTEO_`,?-W_UT'_HU9H`K_8;?^Z__?QO
M\:/L-O\`W7_[^-_C5BB@O\`8;?^Z_\`W\;_`!H^PV_]U_\`OXW^-6**`*_V
M&W_NO_W\;_&C[#;_`-U_^_C?XU8HH`K_`&&W_NO_`-_&_P`:/L-O_=?_`+^-
M_C5BB@O]AM_[K_]_&_QH^PV_P#=?_OXW^-6**`*_P!AM_[K_P#?QO\`&C[#
M;_W7_P_C?XU8HH`K_8;?^Z__?QO\:/L-O\`W7_[^-_C5BB@O\`8;?^Z_\`
MW\;_`!H^PV_]U_\`OXW^-6**`*_V&W_NO_W\;_&C[#;_`-U_^_C?XU8HH`K_
M`&&W_NO_`-_&_P`:/L-O_=?_`+^-_C5BB@O]AM_[K_]_&_QH^PV_P#=?_OX
MW^-6**`*_P!AM_[K_P#?QO\`&C[#;_W7_P_C?XU8HH`K_8;?^Z__?QO\:/L


M\Y\L

M;QG!X^M.I,]:`%HIJ@J2I.1VIU`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5:Q_P/;_MH_P#Z






A0Y`.
CK7F4GP6D6-O)U


M5S\+_%%J3LMH+@`9S%

M)'Y4Y!\3`W[QM
P?[N
UFU?HST8XFHMY1?S/-9+:,X;1+Q2
[U?GU[4HT^

DN?T7-=K


SJLX+_`#KG[P]


BE55NIIIEN$B*Y^5B/3IPWXYKE_M






MH[:UO8)YE0N\;[Y(DA+9W;&P3^GZUHUYU9ZMXE?5+82^#GCC%R6

M`4444`%%%%`!1110`5%!_P`M/^NAJ6HH/^6G_70T`2T444`97B+5&TG2GF17








M-?\`$UOH7EHT1N)I






M*S9AC:
QD
)R2!R#U7/./PS6

M^N@_]`6K-5K?_CYN_P#KH/\`T!:LT`%%%%`!1110`4444`%56N(K2WN+B=PD

UG4J*G&[-J%/VM11
+Q%\3-0
M$RC2D%M`3@-(@9V/K@]*J-XOU:^M)([JZ2Y24`O%L`P!VX]3_*N/O8)4!$OW

0(R?-.
CU]:?86Z6IN'F(*D



_EE'
M.1&3]TKZ#/45ZE?MI]DOG73E%8\1ASAS_NC@U\^VDT:PX^9'C;#'T-=+9^*K


M*`JUC_Q[?\`;1__`$,U9JM8_P#'M_VT?_T,T`%O_P`?-W_UT'_HU9JM;_\




4
.IS(R9P9EWG








W_;1_P#T,T`%O_Q\W?\`UT'_`*`M6:K6_P#Q\W?_`%T'_HU

^G![?UI(_B%JSXW162
2


MW%[=6\44:N(XFC!PY'WL9Z@'C\#74U%;6T%G;1VUM$L4
:A41!@**EK9*RU/

M\TXB=@B9QN8@$*
GJ:T9)HH86FED1(U&2[
`H'KFN3\4^&]2U?59KFT=DC_L
MTPA!(%6X;S`WE/WVL


23(9D
M9V!61W.%9P`1D=.





M'


FM.N;U


9VX]

MXVI/M=S(JG)(W*4Y.



MEO%A4L8@

MW_;1_P#T


M@RE
?W0.Y]J?]J?_`)])_P#QW_&@S15;[4__/I/_P._P-'VI_^?2?_P`=
M_P`:`+-%5OM3_P#/I/\`^._XT?:G_P?2?\`\=_QH`LT56^U/_SZ3_\`CO\`
MC1]J?_GTG_\`'?\`&@S15;[4_\`SZ3_`/CO^-'VI_\`GTG_`/'?\:`+-%5O
MM3_\^D__`([_`(T?:G_Y])__`!W_`!H`LT56^U/_`,^D_P#X[_C1]J?_`)])
M_P#QW_&@S15;[4__/I/_P._P-'VI_^?2?_P`=_P`:`+-%5OM3_P#/I/\`
M^._XT?:G_P?2?\`\=_QH`LT56^U/_SZ3_\`CO\`C1]J?_GTG_\`'?\`&@S
M15;[4_\`SZ3_`/CO^-'VI_\`GTG_`/'?\:`+-%5OM3_\^D__`([_`(T?:G_Y

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[




2;H]N
$

/@J-2E&4EJSUG

;U.
%3^=7K'Q;HU[

UB
.VUR?B8G_``LF+_H7M7_[\4?\+)B_Z%[5

OXF&WQ



M@4444`%07/W8_P#KJO\`.IZ@N?NQ_P#75?YT`-M/OW'_`%U/\A5FJUI]^X_Z
MZG^0JS0`4444`%%%%`'COQ8_Y&F'_KU7^;5QD4





MK5C)ZQ,Y4A)


J;=TSTU\'ZM#&$Z8@









M!![^GTQ6;.N$+;




A5W


M!].I]Q7JE4M(TZ/2=+M[&


M/^NI_D*LU6M/OW'_`%U/\A5F@`HHHH`****`/*_'O_)1M*^D/_HPUZI7E?CW

M/K[&NB?0/#$4C1OH-JQ'=(`1V[_0C]:;'HOAEU)/A^'ARN/L_;KG\J5F4IT$


MC72QZ#X?:+S5\/V@'G;`/*&2


MF4/BYH`&!9WX_PV:?\`Q5'_``MW0?\`GTO_`/OA/_BJV)-`\,1J&_LW?)P


_Q$G@

MX;^:.KD\4RQ16J_V7(UQ=&3RH@_WU3!R#CN#QD=C5C3+NXO/$&JI*^(K-DAC





M=3_(59JM:??N/^NI_D*LT`%%%%`!1110!Y7X]_Y*-I7TA_\`1AKU2O*_'O\`
MR4;2OI#_`.C#7JE2MV=N(_A4_1A1115'$%%%%`!5'4=:TS24+7][#`0I8*[C

M([\'@WB&W+1(]*/Q3TX
6^P3^5NP'#KDCUQ3YOBMHB1@Q6UY(Y'W3&%Y^N:\


MUU/\A5F@`HHHH`****`/*_'O_)1M*^D/_HPUZI7E?CW_`)*-I7TA_P#1AKU2
MI6[.W$?PJ?HPHJ.6980

:[N?28;2DD02-;0M\B%F[\TR.29$#A25/`85%!<Y)&/UJQ:
M;O,)7+)Z9JBDW*78WK.&VN-(E+!S<`9R!_#W!-;UIHT%M'PDDMW0!O-!R&/

M5-4_Y!-Y_P!<'_\`037_![_`)!6H_\`7=/_`$&NZU3_`)!-Y_UP?_T$UPOP


MS?+P6VQ8//4\?TJCB-*S7#;FD+2
N#G`W`'@\5S'Q+GNXMBBAD03R;)O4\





@BG6^
C1




^
;CZX



M=.(5D?RW`^61?
'R]LBNX^QZC_SZ77_?IJ@ETBYG_P!;IDLG^];Y_I7/*FY;

2.W-
X\RKD7ANS5C:;<[3U!\SG
MM2=%LUCF]-+5
Q;NU&E:4MQIFZ&63:)EVY#CM4FC7_B&5P!%!L;O.FW(SVP:


94?
MRJTHP


X.&P00%YR!UZ4`=)17/O
MXSTR.Q^WR17


MHO&.E3O*L+22&-&D7&W$BJP5BN3V)'7%`&]17)WGCF



5S&94=XGFBVK*$;:VT^Q(_.J]YXEDTV?6/


ME@P!&

,BG
MR^-=*2R%Y$EU<0W%Q(T
6[RD)(!;GCE3QST/:@#H:*Y^7QMHL3SJTKD0ASN

M+/;Q2`1RN#D@@X/RC.





G7%Y-/</<31S3-.UL[CRA(

M2-I-US$D4A)`X0$`@`8!Y-:%%`&&GA#28]Q5)0S0P0EM_.V$@I^/`SZX%
'@

&W#!VY(SV8D5OT4`8'_':;]F$`EN@AMY;=_W@S(D
MC%F!X]22

W7B1HY5\;?+)*%

8PHQ@#&.*GT[PY;Z5?



M`.@H^VS_`-_]!110`?;9_P_^@H^VS_W_P!!110`?;9_[_ZC[;/_?\`T%%%

%T3+8_]D_
`
end








begin 644 image008.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


MH^Q'_G[N/^^Q_A5JB@K]B/_`#]W'_?8_P`*/L1_Y^[C_OL?X5:HH`J_8C_S
M]W'_`'V/\*/L1_Y^[C_OL?X5:HH`J_8C_P`_=Q_WV/\`C[$?^?NX_[['^%6

M_G[N/^^Q_A5JB@K]B/_`#]W'_?8_P`*=8LS6HWN7(9EW-U(#$K%5K#_CU_

FQ?+^8X&4(;U





D
MV()HT.&0$\'VW`-CZ5G)L[8X?#6M8

MLFSU7=G`/4#U(QQFIYI&5+!T8OFD[_TCI+7XMZC&J?:M-M90#\QCE*
1[`YK


MYJ]XMG9:G').PRJ%64M]
@9K=KYVMH)=*M+?Q!IE\5EAPQ!4*\1)*@X/WE)!
M&1GWQ7O6AWTNI:)9WT\7E2W$*R
GH2




_$_43U\)W'7/WG_`/B*8?'LK

MLT\GEX&./?I79)\2[Z)0L?A&=`O0*6&/_'*?_P`+0U+_`*%2Y_[Z?_XBJ3BN
MIE.IB'\

MN[?R%6JJV76X_PN[?R%6J`BBB@`HHHH`****`$;I^-+2-T_&EH`KWS%;8G


P&PB-I

[[3[#P\[

7^EV6F+)JF+52JNT2
S#RV0Y);K@G'


-N





JZP+@_I65XH\)PZ

X-53J*?2S+IUY3[W%M[&SM&9K:T@@9A@F.,*3^56***
MV+;;W&CJ?K3J:.I^M.H$%%%%`!1110`4444`%5K#_CU_[:2?^AFK-5K#_CU_
M[:2?^AF@!++K<?\`7=OYK55;+K<?]=V_D*M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`(W3\:6



P.5Y['CO79U\XNTD80+D;&#*Q&#GUKWSP]J@UK
M0;/4-R%YHP7'@-T8?GFNJC-RT9Y^-P\:4KP6C-*BJ]W=I:JI9@3G&
G`(R




_IFJ.E7





M]U
X+6RC)$[#*'&
9S@C)Z8ZC.:\P\+:\_AS4C
M



3JZ#@%3D5)6!X+);P\A/_/1_YUOUUPES13.1.ZN%%%%6
***

M9=;C_KNW\A5J@`HHHH`****`BBB@O?X^Q2[F*@#.1VYKR_Q5+
;DE8E5FW




M
`[[G`:



M'+9]AMV
21RP@A&.&;'`/:FR7D1@DC*@$C(




LDNJV\N
[EWR#=GKR.1GG/UK)N3WB=J

H6;G/J




DO^K220*7^@/6IV8*I9B``



9Y9%+'='NW*@4GY[XY%4X9/%!
MN([W.HO=1VE[#;*T;.1U93%O!4=5S@D#)4?0@'I-5I=2L(+9+F:]MXX)#A)


M9L;-=3FNW_XF-J\L2P
K0M\WF9+(`4!VXQD`CKS0!Z(+F!I'C6:
NBAF4

J

M`'I-



M4\`'7JRL



M&R%W!]J`R8/
&_&





MS!OM!R[88@-T!P1R


MHO\`OH4`6:*K?VA9_P#/U%_WT*/[0L_^?J+_`+Z%`%FBJW]H6?\`S]1?]]C
M^T+/_GZB_P^A0!9HJM_:%G_`
_47_?0H_MS_Y^HO\`OH4`6:*K?VA9_P#/
MU%_WT*/[0L_^?J+_`+Z%`%FBJW]H6?\`S]1?]]C^T+/_GZB_P^A0!9HJM_
M:%G_`,_47_?0H_MS_Y^HO\`OH4`6:*K?VA9_P#/U%_WT*/[0L_^?J+_`+Z%



MJBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
2***`BBB@`HHHH`****`/__9
`
end








begin 644 image010.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#UFWMUF1Y)
M'F+&5QQ,P'#$#@&I?L47]Z;_`+_O_C19?ZAO^NLG_H9JQ0!7^Q1?WIO^_P_
M^-'V*+^]-_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_[_P-'V*+^]-_W_?_`!JQ10!7^Q1?
MWIO^_P_^-'V*+^]-_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_[_P-'V*+^]-_W_?_`!JQ
M10!7^Q1?WIO^_P_^-'V*+^]-_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_[_P-'V*+^]-_
MW_?_`!JQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_P_^-'V*+^]-_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_[_P-
M'V*+^]-_W_?_`!JQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_P_^-'V*+^]-_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WI
MO^_[_P-'V*+^]-_W_?_`!JQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_P_^-'V*+^]-_W_`'_QJQ10
M!7^Q1?WIO^_[_P-'V*+^]-_W_?_`!JQ10!7^Q1?WIO^_P_^-'V*+^]-_W_

MN!/]I7T-'VE?[IJN:2BX6+'VI/[K4?:T_NM56BBX6+/VQ/[K4GVQ/[K55-)3


M*:0TP&FFFE---`#3332DTTT`7-)_X_#_`+AK9K%TG_C\/^X:VJ8@JK9=)_\`
MKN_\ZM55LND__7=_YT`.LO\`4-_UUD_]#-6*KV7^H;_KK)_Z&:L4`
D^[452

<G[OTKSZ;5KR[0F:1Y


MN)H+6/S+B9(DZ;G.!55M6TL?\Q*VZ9_U@KS[Q#K5UJ#([/Q)CRE!P`#Z5R]Q


MMG%/8$=017CNC^)-0M)0EI


M*8:8%O2/^/P_[AK:K%TG_C\/^X:VJ8@JK9=)_P#KN_\`.K55;+I/_P!=W_G0
M`ZR_U#?]=9/_`$
U8JO9?ZAO^NLG_H9JQ0`U_NU'BI'Z4RDQC&(12S'`'4UA
M:GKFS*1':OZFM'5781B
9@^H/*^#G



1_?(Y(!]JY^[OIEF:*:
M



MMC&!W_
8K`0[YC+9!@JMEF?N?3'I1*5N4\B^`&6(&T_=]
5HJ23)E5Y7I\C/
M:]$EXSW$[;&/(49!]*D:_@\YGA5HE9N1VIEQ;I%=PP(S1

M[9PS2J^0S`XV@D=
`]JZ?=.'ZQ-7Z


MGS86P'$IVY/;W^E9RG&
Q_W3T/6LU]1MX)A)+9^\YVL#]

MR!T7Y
H-P!/.#VKIONJ/=E5WEF?)8GJ,5U4:[;Y9'F8C!2IKF6QVP595PPR
M*JS0-&V.H[&KL(^6EF`,9]JZ[GG$.E+B[/\`N&MBLZP&+@_[M:-4(*JV72?_
M`*[O_.K55;+I/_UW?^=`#K+_`%#?]=9/_0S5BJ]E_J&_ZZR?^AFK%`-TIF*



M*.@09VCU/8?C7:Z1X'AU4Q7&HZ@UK]IE*01+$2T@49;D].








M@*JV72?_`*[O_.K55;+I/_UW?^=`#K+_`%#?]=9/_0S5BJ]E_J&_ZZR?^AFK
M%`&BEHI`)BC%+10`UE!&





MP(.1MM4_PJ;[

B+(8X)'C(/W8V(S
MZ9%;B:?K$R11M;S(D3Y'F
$&#U!W=OY5U+*
8+RL/0R'%

G@`F426VH00%R2Z_
X7TQMK0M/`NEPKFZNKJY;T7;$O]36\7/3-.


#H*-](:::H1H:6V;HC_9K7K$TC_C\/\`N&MNF(*JV72?
M_KN_\ZM55LND_P#UW?\`G0`ZR_U#?]=9/_0S5BJ]E_J&_PNLG_H9JQ0`444
M4@BBBF`4444`
9:KR)5NHW3BDT

F;Q2&2K-MTKA5&<U7A0RL`#@



+5Z*WV]J8%JV8Y%:D$A%9\


_S%=+30
*JV72
M?_KN_P#.K55;+I/_`-=W_G3$.LO]0W_763_T
U8JO9?ZAO\`KK)_Z&:L4`-?
MI3
T]AD8%-V'U%(!






MT`=EYT1F


MS0!Z%+/#`4$TJ1F1PB;V`W

M[K^0EHUFN$B=8Y(GD93D%
JZIC+



MT^*2-!/-#_Q
(YF:&20;?NCG&3U]LCO0!U;2QH@=Y%5#T8L`*C^V6OG'[3


%R!WH`]!NKRUL8?.O+

MON980)`CRH

_9YQ)N9B`JX10S8^]D


M_P^A1_:%G_S\Q?]]@S15;^T+/_GYB_P^A1_:%G_S\Q?]]@S39(TEC:

MMS_`.?F+_OH4`6:JV72?_KN_P#.E_MS_Y^8O\`OH4W3V5XY70Y5IG(([\T
M`6Z***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[



M
GL*:L?.Y_F;U/;Z4`!F0'&23Z*I-)]H3^[)_P!^V_PJ6B@+[0G]V3_`+]M
M_A1]H3^[)_W[;_I:K7\L\-E




QM[668(TAC0L$7JV!T%`&;JWBK1

[+9YKYB




UY5-HOEW=];/.P:Q.'(CX;

UTKPQPO



M]<@J`2B,2?;CMTK5T_P)XNU+<%M9+9&!RUS)L#`G)&.3R?:NW3XGV\?W/#
MEXOTP/Z4[_A:D?\`T+]]^8_PK1)(YYYQ%_D5?!GPYOM
UC[=KQ@G6%?]'17


M*`(I/]?#]3_*I:BD_P!=#]3_`J6@&=W1H]I4`M@@D#/T]ZKB\87B02R6T;




5)'-=31E
MXDA=2V%8/D







M7]T


U=&D'3FM$5-.T73-)
AT^QAMC)C?Y2XW8Z9



MK^.D;PYY\.&O^%,N,_[6*P^LT]3MEEV(C:ZW.GU#5K#2T5[ZZC@#'[CR?P

BOHFVG6ZM8;A
A)D


M6-0N(A9)?*PC92/ESM'J

/3H7G3
MO?S+UNL


_$:71+*WTZ:V6[LX1L1T)$@'X\']*\_D19849


$WJSYW%4?85''IT.YB^_+_O\`]!4M


A
@';\P&/3U)_2LFZUYS/'+&L2'A8L`X^M='K%

M1!7?O'J/$QC3;3U_
SA-+!NN[%0)B

01WU[*RQ#<8XR=N?<




]
MO\:=(T$
321


MEGW?EQTJ_8^%M9LEA0PPVCS.$3R;$/ANW+9/XG%;&G_#;5+6&:::YMY+@L65
88E0Y9?3<
C]#6[6)X4M'L]'
M\N6/9+O.X'VXK;KOI_`CDCL%%%%6
****`BBB@`JLW_`$X_P#KBW_H2U9J
MLW_(3C_ZXM_Z$M`6?WKG_KNW\A5JJMG]ZY_Z[M_(5:H`****`BBB@`HHHH



M$3%@




)W4Q$0J1@@
MC@9Z=*LMXA7P[]JTV`01^3]B-LD\K







Z(IPZM*T2RQL6^Z=N0
M


MO-=6[&



M7^M7^J_#G4[^6YMF+NHMVM&
3&
NH!;YB5+`YZ\`CO4NH:UJ7AE8;.ST^U@1

=2CBEMX;S2GNUNEMX)MI\BYW

MM$C36NGS2M/LCC0;QYA8;23SWQG@'F@#OZ*X'6O$=YJ'A[5ITG@@%O*J)9Q
M1=#;
@R3N&`W88Z

M.:`.XHK@Y/'FH1--+Y-G*HM[N46B;O/A
+J@$G..=Q)X&


MOYYJ(:=8JBH+*W*20HB7`)ZGI5FB@/R(=CIY2;)


M*OH&QQQQ5VB@WLK:UM(;2&%%@MU58DQD*%Z8^E/\B($'RDR


MEL6C8V\1:(80E!E1Z#TZ4C6-FRA6M82HQ@&

I)DB1R5





M9VK2-(UM$78!68H
D#H
_@*1K*T9][6L)8$MN







$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[
M.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SO_P``1`#`.X#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4




_X658_]`ZZ_-/\:X.^_P0A=?]=W_]-05
MPNM



M;6:%HX_

M1?\`T!:LU6M_^/F[_PNB_\`HU9H`****`BBB@#Q]_P0A=?]=W_]-):
M6SWEPL

GDDG&`.IJ=[8W6J7:^8L:K
Y9F/0;CSCO\`A5QD:]A2TMUCCM(6


M!_
%.5M@(\_CU




31DC+CV/:LW4.G^RWRW4M3TV'P5I\'B@ZQ;@+

P^*--NE%U;W

MK2ER\IZ3'=P2C

M^\A?L5F.

M.*\\-W
DJ8W2Q.KB3YLGN

WXC%;B_&9QC?








GT()
M(_`UC)HR#3[2]=R^^Z6&XA4X9%8`J1Z9&[K[57A)M?
2'5502`H_E[L


5.A:C./VOZV_KS-*'PS:W&K0Q1R226
M%SYLD$JL/
8(I)C*]GR









MM?2

MD^'^CQ[0;^Z8MG:J!6)QUX`K*\^Q*E6B]$
E\&^!)66:!,]EO,#^=4Y?`?@
M]SF/6!'[[0_S%:2?#[2%VR#4)^`=O7TQC]*EB\&Z7)#'
M\VV0;E+(@SD
$-*AD

M





MM?[


`RP#@`G
M(.

M`
?-W_UT7_T!:LU6M_\`CYN_^NB_^@+5F@`HHHH`****`.#\!_\`(PZO]3_Z


/P_T$C'ES_]

M-W_UT7_T!:LT`%%%%`!1110!P?@/_D8=7^I_]#-=Y7!^`_\`D8=7^I_]#-=Y


?B!-X@FDM+7?;V


H(&0!U-6+;4-








;FQVX'/N:Y3XG3




M8

CL*Z=]&WE_




4H*[ZO5'G\FG74:#;

MK1S-'


Z(SHT865FOD5UL;:
;?+4GU/)IUOIL

MI*
03T!YK6L/#VIRG_2M/NXAG^%5/'/O]*T;30;^VE\V/3+R5AG:K*H'MGFI

C)ZD-V(';WKI-)U2Q\HI'J4(;C+/(`


I!!&01WK!'AJ
M

M@W_H8KTBO-_AY_R


MC2[%



M\GYEP*F
5%61
8J*LCN+J%KB




M^7MK1HR'5IPXV%BK


M/&.:73/$MUIUW=YUTO(WU:5'@56:81[0QE7#'Y!C.`


@7H7_.
MI5M(UZ%OSK@K#Q;JD&EM/!'9K:V4




+
MW

B$

N?^NY_D*LU6L_O7







AXX&+(




MH`/LEM_S[Q?]\C[);?\^\7_`'P***`#[);?\^\7_?`H^R6W_/O%_P!\BB@
M`^R6W_/O%_WP*/LEM_S[Q?\`?`HHH`/LEM_S[Q?]\C[);?\^\7_`'P***`#
M[);?\^\7_?`H^R6W_/O%_P!\BB@`^R6W_/O%_WP*/LEM_S[Q?\`?`HHH`/L
MEM_S[Q?]\C[);?\^\7_`'P***`#[);?\^\7_?`H^R6W_/O%_P!\BB@`^R6
MW_/O%_WP*/LEM_S[Q?\`?`HHH`/LEM_S[Q?]\C[);?\^\7_`'P***`#[);?
M\^\7_?`H^R6W_/O%_P!\BB@`^R6W_/O%_WP*/LEM_S[Q?\`?`HHH`/LEM_S

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#UB$3R7#2

MH^Q1?WY_^_[_`.-6**`*_P!BB_OS_P#?]_\`&C[%%_?G_P_[_XU8HH`K_8H
MO[\__?\`?_&C[%%_?G_[_O\`XU8HH`K_`&*+^_/_`-_W_P`:/L47]^?_`+_O
M_C5BB@O]BB_OS_]_P!_\:/L47]^?_O^_P#C5BB@O\`8HO[\_\`W_?_`!H^
MQ1?WY_\`O^_^-6**`*_V*+^_/_W_`'_QH^Q1?WY_^_[_`.-6**`*_P!BB_OS
M_P#?]_\`&C[%%_?G_P_[_XU8HH`K_8HO[\__?\`?_&C[%%_?G_[_O\`XU8H
MH`K_`&*+^_/_`-_W_P`:/L47]^?_`+_O_C5BB@O]BB_OS_]_P!_\:/L47]^
M?_O^_P#C5BB@O\`8HO[\_\`W_?_`!H^Q1?WY_\`O^_^-6**`*_V*+^_/_W_
M`'_QH^Q1?WY_^_[_`.-6**`*_P!BB_OS_P#?]_\`&F)'Y.H*B/(5:)B0TC-R



MBBJ$1)-N5F


MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*K-_R$X_\`KBW_`*$M6:K-_P`A./\`ZXM_Z$M`6?W



K97










M#S*YT'Q!8KB\TZ_C1

3M9E`Z`Y&139)XHY)%9M0B+8VF1\
!SG([]OUKT__

M^UZ8)BP?42CD;LRJ&(QSSWYQC/84LEUI98!9M1=-YW!W7+*5]C@'/YBO2_\`



MKNI:K':WWABXL('#%IW+87`R!RHZUU-:*QS3Q
JZN_\`(2EI*6F9A1110`44

+.






TB#85P?X02PX`X'L!5&/7?



'-0\06D5D;\7$AD1-Z@*=Y+D-@]



M44LF8=['X
3LP#&!




M`*$M6:K-_P`A./\`ZXM_Z$M`6?WKG_KNW\A5JJMG]ZY_PN[?R%6J`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`&O]PTZD;[M+0`4455U#4+?3+1[JY;(.@ZFDVDKL:3;LBU17F

W)V9QXWP
MI6E!'3452U*]-G/+P96R54C/`ZG`Z__`%ZYJP\4W#W39D2XB23$NTC`!X7:




\I&
''IS7/\`
MBGQ#;:Q!YL+F$10%3%(VT[SVS^&
UP`N!!=B=FV;@!@9_PJ^D[75G(9HY#

5JLMXH0D?*%4$GT8CKS2:K))








Y*4_\`AS3NG1-.'V55:-6(
M+*G!&:J-$_V2&;S`J
.F=IZ]JFG5%L8V0S&


M-02://@K(****U*BBB@`HHHH`*K-_R$X_\`KBW_`*$M6:K-_P`A./\`ZXM_
MZ$M`6?WKG_KNW\A5JJMG]ZY_PN[?R%6J`BBB@`HHHH`****`&R`F-@O4@

MS6]T4^*M$V_-J]H5/]Z08-5X];\
+6HE8R;YTJ




MJV=I(M3LU+]29LY_.N4_X0+Q$T*1RVT;&
N487H&W=U_@H7P/XM*1QS+!)'&

48%'_4Z`/^8S9?
M]_17'6_PZ\3\*MU:6L:


BR(





4$%O



RK!%;1^2K?NR1*SL0,,01ST(`P2:`/3:*\V?QOK
M+Z6MW)=06,R00-'`UN6^UEGVNP)/`'3`Z=^,597Q3X@ECU&1IKT$.08YY%#


3^^OYT`+2TWS$_OK^='F)_?7\Z`%I:;YB?WU_.
#^Y;H?\`:6@1K2V=R[V\3

MI*`DTGV*T_Y]8?\`OV***`#[%:?\^L/_`'[%'V*T_P?6'_OV***`#[%:?\`
M/K#_`-^Q1]BM/^?6'_OV***`#[%:?\^L/_?L4?8K3_GUA_[]BBB@`^Q6G_/K
M#_W[%'V*T_Y]8?\`OV***`#[%:?\^L/_`'[%'V*T_P?6'_OV***`#[%:?\`
M/K#_`-^Q1]BM/^?6'_OV***`#[%:?\^L/_?L4?8K3_GUA_[]BBB@`^Q6G_/K
M#_W[%'V*T_Y]8?\`OV***`#[%:?\^L/_`'[%'V*T_P?6'_OV***`#[%:?\`
M/K#_`-^Q1]BM/^?6'_OV***`#[%:?\^L/_?L4?8K3_GUA_[]BBB@`^Q6G_/K
M#_W[%'V*T_Y]8?\`OV***`#[%:?\^L/_`'[%'V*T_P?6'_OV***`#[%:?\`

`
end








begin 644 image018.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#UZ22;[0(H
MA'C9N);/K2_Z7_TQ_6C_`)?O^V7]:GH`@_TO_IC^M'^E_P#3']:GHH`@_P!+

MC^M'^E_]



<OO\`E3&J

MI[_E1]HC]_RJN:832YF%BU]JC'K^5)]KB_VORJF::3BCF8[%TWD0_O?E2&^A
M'][\JH
U1
U+F8^4TSJ$`_O?E3?[3M_]O_OFLMF-1L:.9ARFQ_:EM_M_]\TG

PY3J-





MSQFI9:Z8SC)71@U9V9`6I4EV=`#04)&14.#OQ57%8MK*LG&!FAK=7'R'!JN5
MV

M+]_VR_K4]0?\OW_;+^M3T`%1]S]:DJ+.&-)@.'%+FC.124#'9H/2FTN?6@!I



M+MB@)/)X4$=JAAFN)V9(MYZG`/6JDURDGRJ3C/R@G.!0D

MZ
L1;XBS;7KM/-]JFD.
&.

I8OU
MQW/I[U8#+'9B



\]ZK%R3FBX6-G03G4?^`'^E=)7+^'CG
M4O\`MF?Z5U%;1V
I;A4$7_'W/]%_K4]01?\`'W/]%_K5$A_R_?\`;+^M3U!_


_DCY]W3/H*Y&Z\4WEV#
55

'^M3:J[BRAM(

M:#6)[B\CC)544'



Z\)3K1A'2/7N:5_H]K&L$S321.Q(\ME!..F[^E5;[0+E+=+JVE$



M$;(=5(!'IUIHU`30K(8GB++DQR=5]C33-!_9(9F`2*7:PV[AG'0J9O/MMOD
MP


M#O\`R$_^V;?TKJ:YCP\I&HY_Z9G^E=/77#8YI[A4$7_'W/\`1?ZU/4$7_'W/








M(348[F
;U\N;G*]





M&2*G_P$8LAJ'VZ:*,/QM4KPF/0#O]:JZUJD48MMET1;S.55@,9(Z@+BN6I9
MV:7]?UY'17Q4:[2IJQ1U/5(-':WTJ%Y+A@=UQ(3SGM5F_F,23SK&9=\.]03T
M(_E4&M65I/JOFF0K,(E9U1,GTR33H;R+R?LRAI%/R\\DY[LVXJ2:.1IRAH9

G);L:VE17''6JYMXH7Q#(\XW8ZDU;@0=1FO8I.Z.2:W9K

JWN<Q^<

5Y$'B8'VJKJ%A]J17C.V9



MSO?LI052KNQNG:-97NO7*IYL


/
M&#2.1D/QG/)KAJRD]%+7Y_Y

M5#C(Y]/:LQ_#NGW%RTMY%;D*

M)=I&T


B^2-Z21XX)J




L[IL(^@K%UBVL=7=6TV6WM/-XN/


L0X4CO7;:!
_B73Y=*UF.0R6Y

X)

MR4D.!]15C3]-NXX(E?)6`%0QY#H)IK:UC2R2)B!R9=V23]*X9\[ESO3]39





MP1Y\ZKD



J




^M/CLT486-5'TJ_P#9

@#OJ*Y*+QTL\D0CT]MLTMJBYD`8B:,N#C';&.O-4)_B1)
M;6[O+IB?:(6N+)9'

UN'6?



M%H


=]'&KQ2EIY`LP5P4`XS@C

M:0/+GLUN[417&]G#2!%5AM^4_

<YZY]:V:*`.='@K3#XA_MJ4O)*KLZQ[4




G\ZTZ*`
F]\
Z



M*`
[_A']'^TR7/\`9UOYLK*[ML^\RD$'ZY`.?:HO^$6T'SUG_LFU\Q7WJWEC

M);PRN'DC#

ML5O_`
\A110`?8K?_GD*/L5O_P`\A110`?8K?_GD*/L5O_SR%%%`!]BM_P#G
MD*/L5O\`\\A110`?8K?_`)YC[%;_P#/(444`'V*W_YYC[%;_\`/(444`'V


`
end








begin 644 image020.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#U^22;SQ%$
M$^[N);/K1_I?_3']:/\`E_\`^V7]:GH`@_TO_IC^M'^E_P#3']:GHH`@_P!+

MC^M'^E_]





:6FL@;GH?4=:`'44U2<8;&1Z=Z=0`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`5!;_?G_`.NO]!4]06_WY_\`KK_04`'_`__`/;+^M3U!_R__P#;+^M3T`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%
C970.O1N:?4-JVZUC;&


MKB$3(
/#+C=LR

MX;3[:PU;;9WC%LR1DK!.G.-N?O=Q@\C-9$O]IZE#9PS3@0%FBMT)VQJX[8Z`



\\C!YJTSSZV&]G'FB[HZ8G$H&WJ#\WT__`%T^BBJ.0***


?Q#J(
M*13)`LD



MXXJ/VH



?^6R

M;/:;=8XBHPI6'!`]

8(
,C)K)DE\-F9WEU.Y=I=RA2<X+JPX&.P)Q]*GCU/PY<VMK%
M'J,SB$MY3KD2;CR3NQG/\^]'M*7=!RO^D:LZ:F(6:&RMGE#/L5EJ5P-N3D\


9QM`Q@=L5U5:TY




%]<U'4
M4D74(3M7A)PF`2.JGWIP<7+EE&WR'&M)RY6;J:98QR+(EIK*<@A!D&K55S<












_4TX(8PI!4$]0*OV<3:5IN*OINS8_LW3[BY'EQXA.W<^_!SW./2H!X
M:NQ[V\J7&'_`-6&P2


I!'ID5KZ=KL]Y=L$F+%UW*
M`
8/I4FOPC6+817)7[7;9*G@
#Z'VK&T&_%A+&3$'WL1C/WN*EVG!R2U)IT^


L#*S!N!\P(X]3G]*Z
MBO2P
G*BFV?-8F*C4:04445VG
%%%%`!1110`5!;_?G_`.NO]!4]06_WY_\`






:CD'?!D=/F/\`A1RXBVS-/K3_`)CCK?PU#ZS
MI=R!@W`('/O6\D5VKQ!M01Q(#EACC^]6F?#&HDDEX
G_:/^%)_PBVH9SN@_
M[Z/^%9RHUI;Q8Y8N4MYW


M4%O]^?\`ZZ_T%`!_R_\`_;+^M3U!_P`O_P#VR_K4]`!1110!&)XFE
2RH9%Z



W;&



VT8B

M@D`9)P!38IHIEW12)(H.






85$&`*/MEO_P`]


]11]LM_P#GJ*`)Z@M_

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#UF.%9Y[@R
M/+\LF`%E90!M'8&I?L47]^?_`+_O_C26O^MN?^NO_LHJS0!7^Q1?WY_^_P_
M^-'V*+^_/_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WY_P#O^_\`C1]BB_OS_P#?]_\`&K%%`%?[
M%%_?G_[_`+_XT?8HO[\__?\`?_&K%%`%?[%%_?G_`._[_P-'V*+^_/_`-_W
M_P`:L44`5_L47]^?_O\`O_C1]BB_OS_]_P!_\:L44`5_L47]^?\`[_O_`(T?
M8HO[\_\`W_?_`!JQ10!7^Q1?WY_^_P_^-'V*+^_/_W_`'_QJQ10!7^Q1?WY
M_P#O^_\`C1]BB_OS_P#?]_\`&K%%`%?[%%_?G_[_`+_XT?8HO[\__?\`?_&K



TVBX%W[?%_=?\`*C[?
M%_=?\JH&DH`OG481__Y4G]I0_W7_*L\TPT-+^TX/[K_D*3^U8/[K_D*S#3
M2:!FK_:T']R3\A5T'(S7-'K72K]T?2F(6JT__'[;?\#_`)59JM/_`
?MM_P/
M^5`!:_ZVY_ZZ_P#LHJS5:U_UMS_UU_\`915F@!K?=-15
WW345)C$HHHI`)2
M&EI#0
*2EI*`$I#2TAH$)3:=36(4$L0`.Y.*0Q#24H(=0RD
#T(.124`(:;2
MFDIB$--IQIM`#324IZTTTP$-
-.---`#33#3S3#0`T]:Z5?NCZ5S)-=
OW1]
M*8A:K3_\?MM_P/\`E5FJT_\`Q^VW_`_Y4`%K_K;G_KK_`.RBK-5K7_6W/_77
M_P!E%6:`&M]TU%4K?=-14F





M&JKVXZHWX&NBYYQ6-
-2NC+U&*C-


EB#CCM6)JAN[*%V\@L5!^[R
^AQ6Q:^9J
=6JN<;(]/#4E&7
^APVMPZEJ&HRM9JTBJPVL5V

MI-#/I[2.#!NVQDY

ML)


MZ

M=!3)%JM/_P`?MM_P/^56:K3_`/'[;?\``_Y4PU_UMS_`-=?_915FJUK_K;G
M_KK_`.RBK-`'I3

C.]H


M\WR\U
-/NKA8($TYUGMT





YY../F)XSW
MKH@M2(UN6
9V'+%;7VZGN.CZF(]/7SG4[(P2P
?\`A7POJT$0.MW'DHQ!%LC;G/L<<**[Q
*JJ`%5





=:S-0T.#4KV*6_MOMQ%BB.4)/J!P?QKI&!Q4#@?W




M&H/-`XFEN6CBDSL9EW8]@16XVGITVQ
/1M_^-1S68DMFMGM;5X6.2A9ADUDL




0M5I_\`C]MO^!_RJS5:?_C]


MKN35B0U5=A4L:(FJ
TYFJ(L*0QU2(


M



M=)$?.WGU-:L%KL`P*`+=NQR#WK6MY2

@;?S78+]P?2N(#5VZ?<7Z4T#
M'56G_P/VV_X'_*K-5I_^/VV_P!_P`J8@M?];<_]=?_`&459JM:_PMN?\`

7-&:3:?2C:WI0`N::32[3

NG`UH?V)??\`/'_QX4@T

#1
M+[_GC_X^*ZA1A0/04T#%JM/_`
?MM_P/^56:K3_\?MM_P/\`E3$%K_K;G_KK


)N9BV9$F91$'S^\4#`##DC![U7'B*]T[Q!

F@#TVBN5UB2VNO%2V&KWSVM@+(2


G

MVR6TEY+:(%)\U62$2Y)S@]2

MM_N_(2?J*`/3**X&Q\:WZK:PI:H]O;V]N9Y)6&]E:






UQ)YEO8^?5BW0Y^;IUK?\






MWGW]?QH6SM5`VT0`96`#JHP#]0`


\V

`
end








begin 644 image026.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#UZ1I6N1%'




M]`!1110`4444`%%%%`!4$O\`Q]P?1OZ5/4$O_'W!]&_I0`?\O_\`VR_K4]0?

5HDNI)V'0QQ$J?QK'NOB[`19Z





;9`&?8YZ
M]JJKI\$I;_2654=48F


]M(R
4B'*`^U*.E)']P5


MLZ;MN




M/3K4D?Q3LHA^[\
:F@_V8

SEF

O)!`;


9KB(/$WARV7$6M.FTS%
64P`

M#_E__PV7]:GH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*:?]8/H?Z4ZFG_`%@^A_I0`ZJM[IEA
MJ6S[;9PW'EYV^:@;;GTS5JB@#*;P]H



;KB125Z=/F]


O6LI


MH`****`FG_6#Z'^E.II_P!8/H?Z4`.HHHH`**P/%'B=-!M#Y+/=L0%C)P!



N[#-









ALAIFK1H`;M(MT4RCM_O'U%6X_AE


@#G)]3T/Q

?56_PK@#\/_%@#$6C`M_TU!'Y5#-\/

M-&Z]&!Z&O)O_P`+M2GU))=;@2TLHF!:$.&:?O@X[5Z_'&D4:QQHJ(@PJJ,`
M#T%9U(PCI%@.HHHK(`HHHH`****`H)?^/N#Z-_2IZ@E_P/N#Z-_2@`_P7

M@#M**X;3/&FJ3)':)I


M'4X!'/6F:_K^I:EX


@[3V'6@#N**\PMO'MVV
ML7&MD32Z:]D$M;-.C2AT1C_WV^
^@K9O/']SI]G%-=Z+)%
-S3V[%@ZQA@HD
M'R_=.?XMO/%`';45Y^/$GB.Z\1VD44-I@7E[;K#]H9$D6-5P7^4\CMC/7M4U


AB%





MM1P&WT]=1B53#*7GE19=K*4`P
X/&3[T`=U17%W'Q`^R/8F:RCEBN%B:8VTK

G;M.1[^N


&]51O+0#(7.!^&3^=5H?#6B6\K2Q:9;H[.)
M#A.-P.X'';!YK4HH`SWT'2)#
7TZW8SAQ+F
?.&(9L_4@'ZBF#PYHPA$7]FV
MY10J@%







-S(9)D*#$C

85I$R0
YQ^=(OA_1TN9+E=.@$LDBR

MC_GM-_W\-%%`!]E'_/:;_OX:/LH_Y[3?]_#110`?91_SVF_[^&C[*/\`GM-_


begin 644 image030.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#UB$3R7#2


M^L3:$3^4@5B0PQG//I2N


@



M=TG4I/+LM1MKA\9VQRAC^57\CUKYE\BYCEW)%
DB@






$?F

H0?Q%9M
[X5\.];F';Z_9
M6NH75Q':.;:ZF+2VIPJM&RD



'.Q`/ES[\UV%_;17E

(9?E=2T@U)
ML*@SN&/+ZGU[8K?2/1(+Q6;57::%EF
;

M7\BQK+$$V@D';GC(!SC^=+VTK;![+6QC)X:\4





KB
*XSE6P&()7I
M@\_0U'-XTTTQ)/-H:2--(OF+LW
IP1N/R\X''T.*7L9=C:-9*U[EZUBM;G1'
XQ)*_R8!#'.=QV<=<$55?Q=IL++/#D#%XRQ`%1@

9(3*(O+8SMZ$CIZFE[*?8/;1\S=M=&TG5H
M;344CNHS'$\:;Y6#`
6#[AG[Q).3UJU_PCNGF2)V$K&*1)$#2$@
@`7]`*PH

MRU2I2:V

M@XV3+@_7C(J7_A+]!/34%;Z1N?Z5EIX-OH(5MH-4A\A




8

UR;&.=RQXQC'0CT_G64F@ZM'

M5KC_`(^[3_?;_P!`-`67WKG_KNW\A5JJME]ZY_Z[M_(5:H`****`BBB@`H








SO9#<6F8`=^Z,9!Y[FM;[?NT<W'F1(S/M2(H.!C@_7WIN
M*M<RC6=.7(T5;:2"UN!<(';<-@;T]JIM<$,5551!U!/`IEPC7,ZPI*)'C]/
M4\G'K3'LIH75=DF^5P-I7`]R35I*^I;QFK)=2W!MI`941`S<YSUJ*?4L1





M10`4444`5-2Q]E#%BNUPP(]J\P\27$\4X58UCD#&564\A23]TGZ\UZAJ$`N;


MBT?`
MC!VQR[AT']UNV#Q7':KFS!LKFS






M@U*.^N)1'%:@S;1R7V]A[FGVW@2^UJ.ZDU\



M_P!=V_D*M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`079*P$@9P1G\ZJAG4\9HU[2FUG2)K)+N:
MTD;!CGA8JR


M`

R@Y#_.A)[@=O



ANM5C2('YUAC

^:@V

G]*ZGP#I&L^([M;RXU34%TNV?YF


DDYG)9RJGA&4



P`ET

Z1)I!F5U64*$)#$A0#[Y('U-7FTC0$N$MVL+$32*62
Q+N8#

M;0WLH@6\2WDEPS.N^$H=QZMM







/;1&1LF8*`0X`&<$'.
M/2EN]5\*P7[ZC,]H][!;F42K&&D,87=\IQS\I[=C5.Y\!PO.)K:Z6,QR[HHW
MC8HJF)(RILI/^K!R/3FHQX)N(M^IG[-'6*%8B/*5H6C*+ER`HW$CC/J3
M0!?MO&^D7&HQ6QG6&*XMHIX)93M\SS&9=N.




M=3D-HR2QI;A
&))(C&54YP`


^W:&C&%



M3``!?+$'&#CC(SC)KH*`BBB@`HHHH`*K7'_`!]VG^^W_H!JS5:X_P/NT_W
UQ_W^;_&C
M[G_`#VN/^_S?XT44`'V%/\`GM<?]_F_QH^PI_SVN/\`O\W^-%%`!]A3_GM<





`
end








begin 644 image032.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#UR5[A[SR8







9#$J



MF`


T).39PC8^.
JQ/W



M5AE1T5?-)



`3IRW


M110`56E_Y%O_N/_`.RU9JM+_P`AW_W'_\`9:`$'_(4;_K@/_0C5JJH_P0
MHW_7`?\`H1JU0`4444`%%%%`!1110!&_RS(WKE34E,E.UV
XP:B-Y&)7C59
M'9

TTU




[BQP/O8SZXI]`V%%%%`@HHHH`*
MK2_\AW_`-Q__9:LU6E_Y%O_N/_`.RT`(/^0HW_`%P'_H1JU54?\A1O^N`_



MHC\






MU1^:I?8N6(ZX'`_&F[#-_K!A
\+GK]?\*E``&`
#VH'HB/?
3Q$!_O-_A1OF

4!8=1110

@FN
L;NVLV1WTV.5
QLZLR'YE[CZ@\CIS

M;7/\:D2*/RP?TKIM$\6:+XBGEATR[



MQ]0W.?()!P5Y%34U]HC8L

0)9Q*P(//!ZL1USVK

YXJ:1)O

M)#*F5&0JX/\`2D:WNGW&0L^0/X!_C0`R!9I%$;!I7(RS;=@Z^G3_`/55A8;B





6W_
M`'W6!\4+5GTVRNP.(9BC'T##C]17GEK%;2;OM%P82






M0
-/O(KC

M)V.7&Y71P^'=6
G?S_X8[JD(R

M$.NG!.M7J@^N*!XFUY&'_$ZN_?(4_P`Z/;Q*_L.K_.OQ_P`CUT6JC[KRCV#F


;+_(T







Q,D47-LK#'F'^_]!V_^M7I-=E*-M3S\[QBJ25&RW]?^`%<9\3K0S:#

RX#D9VG.0?TK2:O%H\C!UE1Q$*C

M(
Z#IR$8X^F:]87P3X;48_LJ(^[%B?YTY?!OAQ3D:1!^(/\`C3]@SF_MK#?R


MR%&_ZX#_`--6J`BBB@`IKHLB


M6L_8L]+^WL/_`O\/\SRUM+F^F\FT@DN)#_``1*6-=WX:^';;H[S6\8^\+0

M1%JHP%`P`*=116QX04444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%5I?^
M0A;_`.X__LM6:K2_\AW_P!Q_P#V6@!!_P`A1O\`K@/_`$(U:JJ/^0HW_7`?
M^A&K5`!16)XKO9[+2X?)G-LMQ=102W(QF-VPS9/`/;)Z$YK'A\0-I]\FD6




M#@]


9(F/E0[#WR`5]:=/X@


M2YCDN#-J5ZS(JH%R`W/)W`XZ``FJMCXWO;^2&=-/ACLIKN*T7?(?-#R1+(I(


L9E$8;I@8)[GG&*6'QG?
7D&BE[6$
MR)&[EEPR.$&\XQ\QSTSCC-;5EK=\WB(Z3J

A%5K;2-,LPHMM/M8=C%E\N%5PQ&
M1@=<<?2KE%`%`:%HZPO`NE60BD(9T%NFUB


MM1I-D(&8.T7V==I8=#C'6MB@)K6W;R]T$9\D$1Y0?)D8./3CCZ5#)I6G2Q



M_D+;_P!E67DJYD6/R%VAO4#'6K
]C:71!N+6&8JNT&2
-@9!QSVRJG\!Z5/1
M0!'%!#!O\F)(_



3DMTZD@'/M4G]EZ?L=/L%MMD78X\I




M\MK#

^P0?]-?^_P`_^-%%`!]@@_Z:_P#?Y_\`&C[!!_TU
M_P_S_XT44`'V#_`*:_]_G_`
:/L$'_`$U_[_/_`(T44`'V#_IK_W^?_&C
M[!!_TU_[_/\`XT44`'V#_IK_P!_G_QH^P0?]-?^_P`_^-%%`!]@@_Z:_P#?
MY_\`&C[!!_TU_P_S_XT44`'V#_`*:_]_G_`
:/L$'_`$U_[_/_`(T44`'V
M#_IK_W^?_&C[!!_TU_[_/\`XT44`'V#_IK_P!_G_QH^P0?]-?^_P`_^-%%
M`!]@@_Z:_P#?Y_\`&C[!!_TU_P_S_XT44`'V#_`*:_]_G_`
:/L$'_`$U_
M[_/_`(T44`'V#_IK_W^?_&C[!!_TU_[_/\`XT44`'V#_IK_P!_G_QH^P0?
M]-?^_P`_^-%%`!]@@_Z:_P#?Y_\`&C[!!_TU_P_S_XT44`'V#_`*:_]_G_
8`

`
end








begin 644 image034.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4




?X4?9S_
M`


M`.A&IJAM?]6W_71__0C4U



M3PL6L]6CO02.'8QMP


E\)^
M


CZ
/1C

M591KD&_G_4PM)@_RK.F^+VB(




5*7=TC!#G

M%T#\VC18[XG/^%68_C';Y'FZ+

_:FC9]QQ

M'-*A5CO$Z6F-RZ#ZFJ]KJVG7P!M+^VGST\N56_D:L#F9NOR@F96:W'T444

MT8J&QCKP?;-;%


275[)_P-1_2
MNYHI

MO_.SA9OA-HDG^KN[V/\`X&I_I5*Y^#UJPS:ZO







\4!H:E%9OGRX
M7R7

MJ7\



M7/


W//7(_^M0'0SVAN4?[/%*B@D`DKB3'MC&.

M7&B%5N0
^L1-.




M77_'I-_US;^52+]T?2H[K_CTF_ZYM_*I%^Z/I0!%:_ZMO^NC_P#H1J:H;7_5

A[@X[5-YEG&0AMM/;<FTR+*QSQC)]#W^M2Y,V6&HO[!UG_X[

HN
M(-/*IG-*P_IS2YV/ZK1_D.K_P%S2C_`)@2_P#@3_\`8TG_``NF3_H`K_X$

U&6!F\J&VMXRIR9(7+!N!QS5*3(

^




^`:(X8H0?*C2,'KM4#-?.Z;UPL=ULYQY5P1N/\`WU^M2GQ#K%DB

M[A$998E/RD\\X]*]NJKW.2M2E2=F%%%%


M!$89#9'-78-(TE
&60
=V#P3QZBN?:_N&'^LQ]*B%U




M_*.?*#\S6G!\/?%4I7_`(EA53S^\N5'\C7N5%+E1T_7IK9(\:C^&7B63B2




MM]%+E1N\QJM:)'#:!\+=+TR1+G4I#J



(%S*TAP!T&6QCTH`LR^
-*AO8HGG`@E




L\8E9Y9O+W*
M21\@P=Y&


XS4NJ:*^J7





M!@.X

M\0:5&\R27L:&!2TF[(``QGGH2

1A^A&


M8R




_=/'7F@W-KNFV\
MLT4]TL3P(9)`ZD848!(XY`)'3UHN-=TRU9UFNU#)+Y+(%+-OVAL8`R?E(/'K
M6-)X&AFN+B674)G$T,L(+(ZA]IY8]=NT8'3%31^%;B*Z-^FKM_:!F:0S&!=

M]^F_PH`FHJ'[2G]R7_OTW^%'VE/[DO\`WZ;_``H`FHJ'[2G]R7_OTW^%'VE/
M[DO_`'Z;_@:BH?M*?W)?\`OTW^%'VE/[DO_?IO\*`)JR]?NFM+:U90?WE[


M2I#O*
Y!&XY`.%SQDYK:(M#Y6;7/D_ZO_1S\GTXXIL

$


MK`8L%8Q$)





$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[



M'V(_\_5Q_P!]_P#UJGW#T/Y4;AZ'\J`(/L1_Y^KC_OO_`.M1]B/_`#]7'_??


M6H^Q'_GZN/\`OO\`^M5FB@M]B/_`#]7'_??_P!:C[$?^?JX_P^_P#ZU6:*


V:AU$CIC@*\NAN^)==\3V_B




M(_\`=8


MAEG6
OUZ[2
']*QDT='M[&XGNDC6\W([L
PS3+CP_:J9?*NF<V]RT$T;`*X&\*KKSR#GD=0<57%


_
MC7'V7PBO%NX7O=3CDA#!I45#\P].37J$$$5M`D

M^N*_^A&K-5A_R$W_`.N*_P#H1JS0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4U/XOK3J:G\7UH`







LXY52#G!'O573/'^
MGW*L+]3:
N


MIZDG\:2?5[_SDF3PC([H%5=L5PNT*01@8P`-J\5V&G^*M/U[6U19HI7Z1



1RI^AK
MQ/3==OM(F6_LYVBF!'R[<+(,]&]17O.EZA#JNF6]];N'CF0,.Q[C\#Q6]!1
M;;2LSEQ.!CAIWB]&6Z***ZCGBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`JMIW_(/@_W!5FJ


'PW0?XFKEZI


C*^TYP

M%\.:S?:AJ$T5R05*EPN


M2
/8FUF8'H*W[;P%K;VIO)O*M(R-P60EG(/^RH-9:B]L1F*1'MYWVI+

MI
^G2)JEK-:ZC)@V;7#E87;J588XSV/YUKHEJSBJ5G!V11.I*MJ'
Z;G3:5_

]*VZQ
M?MO-:Z/Y,Z,CI(PPWX5M5W4?X:...P4445J,****`BBB@`JMIW_(/@_P!P





X'T!


!VH_X6/X:_Y^9_^_#5YF;[1Q$T:Z7)R/E8



M1_PJ71/^?J[_`#7_``H]E(GZ[A_Z1YC_`&FJAE5%(+EAF%?EYSQS2R:MYL
D
M950'P.(5R!]:]-_X5+HG_/U=_FO^%'_I=$_Y^KO\U_PH]E(/KN'_I'FO]M,
M7#%5&$V_+@_&G+KK[UW)&%7^[;IS7I(^$NB`_\`'U=_FO\`A2?\*ET3_GZN





G:%W'CUQV

96W9DMWCV[






FW
K!F7&-QQ\QSU48X.!
MS5GX$UJ/3!`TL431P01-&;DRBX\M]Q`+*?+0C^'!!.



M^86.P^5C!R#A=O3'2M.V\)2P^#[31##;+B[62Y5.%=/-W-VY.W`H`W4UNPDU


MSVDOEV



M((HD?*%3EOW;8(((XYY(JUJWA:XU/Q*M[*D$MD9;9GCD8_
L:3A@1C!YD3CZ
MT`=#?ZC:Z9;?:;IV6/(&4C:0D_1034
^NZ;;Z?;Z@]SNMKDJ(7B1I#(21@*
M3P#V[5D1:=X@TOP?%INFBW:]61TWO
0(HB[$%3M.2%*@`C`_#EESHMY)HEK
MIT6CVZI:HGV?&H.CPR;64MO5
MST^4]^_%:I95&6(`]2:X:?PAJK7\5W

MI]3M;:]M;.1SYMVSK&`



M(SC.


M*7_OI/\`&@S15;[1/\`\^4O_?2?XT?:)_\`GRE_[Z3_`!H`LT56^T3_`//E
M+_WTG^-'VB?_`)\I?^^D_P`:`+-%5OM$_P#SY2_]])_C1]HG_P?*7_OI/\`
M&@S15;[1/\`\^4O_?2?XT?:)_\`GRE_[Z3_`!H`LT56^T3_`//E+_WTG^-'
MVB?_`)\I?^^D_P`:`+-%5OM$_P#SY2_]])_C1]HG_P?*7_OI/\`&@S15;[
M1/\`\^4O_?2?XT?:)_\`GRE_[Z3_`!H`LU6T[_D'P?[@H^T3_P#/E+_WTG^-
0.LXWBLXHW&&50
]*`/_V3\_
`
end








begin 644 image036.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#UD1//=W&;
MF9`C`*J

M/^^Q_A5JB@K]B/_`#]W'_?8_P`*/L1_Y^[C_OL?X5/YB]LGZC?_LM^5`$'

M$?\`G[N/^^Q_A4_F#.






_E7UG



?5W_UT7_T`59JM;_\`'U=_]=%_

MTSMXKLO%GPUFUC5FO=+NH;191F:-E.&;^]QWKD]2^'OBG3F_=@WL8Y#0RG(_
M`UGLCW:=:$K
!'R?3!!S[XJ:QTJSBU*&'

MQR!





2895^4^AW$_A3KGPW#


MI[`@U[NIW1AB



M('E\-JX*;_\`6H2/;IUKIU:.(

MI)M0MK6XVKJ@16DPQ
895+*64DD]



M!1110`4444`%%%%`#6[?6G4UNWUIU`'-^

MUKG;?X@Z5+926IT:=86;+)+/G)Z]3[BO1&16^\H/U%)Y
7_/-/\`OD4FB&JE




M`HHI&8*I9B`!R23TH`QO$7AV#6[*01I%'=X&R9AT]CBN1'@?6$01?9K.3`(W


M110`UNWUIU-;M]:XOQGXRETZ5]/TV6..5!^]G.#L/]T#UJ*E105V;T*$Z\^2


PD5






M+F



M)KF/[)9H9)4T[6)K@#Y9'*`+[E1DX]JZ#2;:\TJ6TNY8'CD)#QETXR/KUKGG


RB+XQYB#8X_X
M$


MO-:KUY?Q.YTKX;VFES

F_9)S);;M

Y]Q1[*%

9BF02*W56&17ATU@\
;
MR?VBC!!]T.=Q//09]OUJ@9)2



U=+L?.

H$J#^M-?X?^*G_YA@`'
M09





MPVR
[%Y..-K2`G'H:H:=XWO;:.[;4(FN9[F\)LH`-OEP&)9%!(!/3V/+4`=]
M17+/XV4W


KB+S-DBX^0X!ZG/M69#XSU:.6WO[JP#6S:)'
M?W
$



1GY
#G/':
MK]UXR33[FSBO+2-5G$?FF*X$K0%P2

MXSVX(/K0!TE5;W[UM_UW'\C5JJM[]ZV_Z[C^1H`6W_X^KO\`ZZ+_`.@K-5K
M?_CZN_\`KHO_`*`*LT`4=2T73M7$?VZV$K1$F-PS(Z9ZX92
_6J\WA;1+B/
M9+8(P



M`*7]CZ?_`&C_`&A]E7[5YGF^;DYW;/+S_P!\\56N/#&C76G6NGRV0-K9L&MX

M6P3=N5P49D*E4V`C!&
+QQ6M10!AZEX6LK^STRQC18+2PN1
(5!&X!'7`(((
M.6SGKQ3SX2T$^3_Q+HQY(`3#










_@***`/_9
`
end








begin 644 image037.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-

5/\`\_/_
5/_S\
M_P#C@H\J?_GY_P#'!4]%`$'E3_\`/S_XX*/*G_Y^?_'!4]%`$'E3_P#/S_XX



M9VD@5F.6/6BFV?\`QZI^/\Z*`+_`(^I_P#@/\JGJ+_`(^I_P#@/\JGH`**

MM;W48()@`2CN`0#TKG[WXJ:%;W)@MDFNL#_6)@)N]

C:-I/X8G;8
M'H*P_%FMW.@:/)?6EFMTT9&YV

U:TCQ
MTFMI+%J






M!//MS5$/9$#=!?[L8.'&/Y9IUK8O=%52QU.5]N&\H=6[8R.F*E%/FBOB+4?A
%.H`S-8N]4MO*_LVT6XW9WY'3T[BLS^U?$__`$8_P`C
M_P#%5K:E-%!+%*\[QM''(^%7.Y1C/Y9%5EN+99)%DOKA0J@$MD#+`8(].HZ]




MO*E]XKZ??/



Q+-MQG/WCU]S74P7$-U$)8)4E0]&1LB
MI:U^KM_;9JL5_=0BJJ*%50JJ

M?_'JGX_SHHL_^/5/Q_G10`1?\?4__`?Y5/4$7_'U/_P'^53T`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`-?H/]X4ZFOT'^\*=0`445B^(?$]IX?6-98WFGEY6)/3U)[IE)15V73
MIRJ248J[)-3\,Z9JUR+FXC=9P-OF1R%21Z52C\:)&P(2X.WH#




LMPL44JD`Y;;TR1_3I4*%G8



K@*.P'ZU#I
MG@+0=/VN;1'FVD
5RJDGOC-;6@:)%I$D_D2%HY`






`/H5/^-;O
MAG5KC4VN!






M


JN



2!C'









MFBM5A60_Z3NVIL

MW`+R2
''8\UVG]GV7EM']C@V
=S+Y2X)]2
4IL;-@X-I`1)@.#&/FQTSZXH`


M11H&W;50`;O7'K0!YU;^/K\WEUJ!R+2Z2%+.&2
LL7S%'=@O)&X-^E-O_B3J


D189AL$\=/X14K65H[2,UKS2C$A

M6M8M;RYMFBMU62*8H3&[&./Y(P#R-S9.3T/IR&?\+&U%K-Y!;V







C_OK^=)]G@_YXQ_]\BC[/!_SQC_[

0_'^=%3`!0```!V%%`'__V3\_
`
end








begin 644 image038.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-

5/_S\_P#C@H\J?_GY_P#'!4]%
M`$'E3_\`/S_XX*/*G_Y^?_'!4]%`$'E3_P#/S_XX*/*G_P?G_QP5/10!!Y4
5/_`,_/_C@H\J?_`)^?_'!4]%`$'E3_`//S
M_P.CRI_P#GY_\`'!4]%`$'E3_\_/\`XX*/*G_Y^?\`QP5/10!#;L[0.VX
MHY7.


[.BFWBF9FP_.2

M?WL?M69?]@:O_P!!23_O\_\`C1_8&K_]!23_`+_/_C72U6U!;MK*06



#
X1/](&Q4-C.
MWT-91I4VM;KYLRCBVUJK?(F_L#5_^@I)_P!_G_QH_L#5_P#H*2?]_G_QJ*7Q
M/JBR*KZ=!9A\A&GD+!B`1\H]339-?UJ)4=AIK!U#%5=OESV//7J?P--TJ2[

_P#C79IRB_05P^IZL^J
HEA$4D#
C;6R
M&/J*[B/_`%:_048:WM)I/30UG)3IQDNMQU%%%=QD%%%%`$%O]Z;_`*ZG^0HH


C!









M$LH/&176Q_ZM?H*YOQ=_K;;_`'6_I721_PK7ZN:BDJ]1+R-Y)*G%+S'T44






M;RP06X7E5W2;ACUP./KS3_[7CAUIM6M+=X91,)EC.@)X8'V.3^=;;^`O%M
MD(A%);
(#F+8_3KSRON:K'PQXR\D0?9

5

M\-0@AD6[DMT64E05F*\

M^
8G9H[(JS-N.)(NOKUI5\
^
U54%H0J[@



P))(

M**`(+?[TW_74_P`A11;_`'IO^NI_D**`%?\`X^XO]QOZ5-4+_P#'W%_N-_2I

MS56U998_[.52FT[]P'7\:TZI:A!=3#%O.8LH1G=CG''^?:MYQYHVO;T
X.S

\3_P!R/\EK6D:[W$1M&#R&/;UIC^8+DRY5E90J`O@*W/
M)`ZY./RK#V']^7WFO/Y(S!)XF[I'^2U([:\5;;'D_P`.X)C\:M3KJ

M-C1N$W?-M!&0Q'K@T2IJ-Q$ZI/%DRJ0T;8VJ&!Z]\CC_`/71['^\_O#F\D4M

BJREY7)CWOVP.`/SJN$U*$R-YL6
.OZTO8/\`FE]X<_DC*\SQ


M;_=;^E=)'_JU^@KDH_QZGR-I_P`./S'T445UF(4444`06_WIO^NI_D**+?[T



MTA#_`
!)SCOC%







M&

`O-12W4%JJQ
Y9@H


DF(T5XD;U!`/\`C4=R\_RLVS*+M''6ATU+1O\`

UY;Y5AFRL_.2O*GOU[5Y.MT





;C<O';```^E4+RX73;M;@2KM<XPQZ9]*HZCJ]V'


96


TM




YZKUK!34[H13/-,;F2:1VVR#_`%2-_/:M'4KT^<O(!C.&_D*P@Z1





M_5O
TCBY1=TCYQ^P
*Z/J=Y;JEK&SHC-Q@8(]^:V8('UG4;:2ZLC<-
M^UI-ISL_P![Z\UZAY
7_/)/^^13PJJ

M@'SR2642:=/8RWQ$%&6/(;K_05#=:_=V^P0Z9=3NR!BHXQ^/Y5Z!@4%5/5



K+&08Y`


M(\C6L+._WV


M---9&Y

M9(5M&LDU)K5[@


MRRQ]R.O6@#E-)\=:OJE]801Z=:%955IV$X4
#(RYCW

M:L^3$9/
\I-_][:
]
=?I0!S&L:O=W7@O3];L[A[)Y6M961

G-&L;6%L43.U3N%SUP


M0L7LX&+@*Q:

C_OK


C_OK^='F1_WU_.D^SP?\\8_^^11]G@_YXQ_]\B@!?
C


?_?(H`7S(_[Z



@_GC'_P!\B@!EL03

`
end








begin 644 image039.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!P@'!@H(`@+@H+#A@0#@T-


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#U.QT^)HPT
MY\_RP84$BCY55B!T'L*M_8+/_GVB_P^119?ZAO^NLG_`*&:L4W)R=V)*VQ7
M^P6?_/M%_P!\BC[!9_\`/M%_WR*L44AE?[!9_P#/M%_WR*/L%G_S[1?]\BK%
M%`%?[!9_\^T7_?(H^P6?_/M%_P!\BK%%`%?[!9_\^T7_`'R*/L%G_P`^T7_?
M(JQ32PYQR1Z4`0_8+/\`Y]HO^^11]@L_^?:+_OD5,Q'*X]LTO/M0!!]@L_^

^T
M7_?(H^P6?_/M%_WR*G.?04@;C+`K0!#]@L_^?:+_`+Y%'VS_P?:+_OD58H
MH`K_`&S_P?:+_OD4?8+/\`Y]HO^^15BB@O]@L_P#GVB_[Y%'VS_Y]HO^
M^15BB@O]@L_^?:+_OD4?8+/_GVB_P^15BB@O]@L_^?:+_`+Y%-L56Y51

U8H

6DRS1QR:==1!VEBRD+D]
M3STKT%6#J&4Y!&0:JYR5*4Z?Q*P#Y6QZ\BG4UNJGWIU,SBBB@`HHHH`****
M`JMI_J6_PNLG_H9JU56T_U+?\`763_`-#-`#K+_4-_UUD_]#-6*KV7^H;_
M`*ZR?^AFK%`!1110`4444`%%%%`#?^6OX5!?S306$\MO%YLJ1L43^\0.!4__
M`T_EH8UN?/UN'\32ZC


SO(L@\Q;B#(#JX!



`0

D[1SSM$[(X/DD/MP3C&


MJ

M63_T
T`.LO\`4-_UUD_]#-6*KV7^H;_KK)_Z&:L4`%%%%`!1110`4444`-_Y



M`\1KG^5;G_$T58R!&[;!O4X`)R?Z8I-^K*'/DPN21M!?``QS^M'LZO\`-^`_


NW\6QW%S%+=3(X7)Z

9SD]
_C4:O&KH1XDRJ/'A=N
A5PP.#U)




R2IX9&#*?
M,/45KUM2]I9^TM\CLZ;:Y&_F-;^'ZTZFM_#]:=6Q@%%%%`!1110`4444`%5

M`$
U8H`****`BBB@`HHHH`;_P`M/PIU-_Y:?A3J`N3\7:7J]T'EM9'GM2`



MXAUN6(2?VA;INB
=O7()'IBNDT;7;75
MX%VRH+D#]Y%GD'VSU%8
]*+JQEW1-JU.=I(]#HIJ;O+7?C?@;L=,TZNPZAK?P_6G
M4UOX?K3J`BBB@`HHHH`****`JMI_J6_PNLG_H9JU56T_U+?\`763_`-#-
M`#K+_4-_UUD_]#-6*KV7^H;_`*ZR?^AFK%`!1110`4444`%%%%`#?^6GX4ZF

L:XRZC)P






KG4#+;65QY-F&VJ4.&D^I]*[OQ)NETZXM067

8QWKQV^TN6PE:W\XRL'W(J_QKWSZ&N&O5O+D1[.6487=2?3;_`#&6


MDBD







8
MY`Q7-:D##-(JJB*^&`3[NWK7JEYX2-U`T4TL5THCVH^/+F3'0!C_`%K
TWP%
M#ILUQ?WD4FH^4@

$B`_-W)QD











M_0S5JJMI_J6_ZZR?^AF@!UE_J&_ZZR?^AFK%5[+_`%#?]=9/_0S5B@`HHHH`

M




M1(2*U/\`A$K/_GYN?^^E_P`*!X1L@


C_+_`&IX+JO
MS_S&:'JUSJ5\5%HBHB_O'WGY<]`/4UT=5KPM]-MA;VR;5'))Y+'U-6:[J49
MQC[[NS@K2A*?N*RBBBM3(****`BBB@`JK:?ZEO^NLG_H9JU56T_P!2W_76
M3_T




MW`A-N
M


!=^`#C/)&3P:



F&9D`_=L%R3D
MCU`ZX`.^HKA/[4\626#YAO8YH+6$2?Z(
9$I,(#HR-@*Q*ER!EN1^%`'=4WS$W






MA6XT&V%AJ`GMR)9+XVTH6
;FQ`


M`


N-::.RO&@FDDEM3%$-\C

MGN


MHQ4$J2

M]&C[:O\`SPN/^_1H`LT56^VK_P`\+C_OT:/MJ_\`/X_[]&@S3)8HYXFBFC

:QQ(J(HPJJ
`#V%/




\+C_OT:`+-%5OM

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[





0-&NF&

V$MRUSN+`(VX]?K6G9:O;W%TEH8





M9





MLIBCDR^UL
+
MB`7%KI

MJ?=N*XB56)Z]QSQ33BOB0TKG/7GQ'\!ZA&([NWEG4'(#V9-49-=^&^JA]FES

=2:)-*TR)#(=$TI8U8

M\:9=0JCGC'..!][K4VH]F:*O7?VW]YR:ZS\.='91-I5P#(N5$]L7R
XSR3Z5

MIK


MJSH6N
K-'$=ZMOX'KD$@9JO?7^AWD



MQ$D[)F5?ZMH]Q+$C:Y=PRO

+?5
MO<Q&+7W#B0818R%?(X(Q^O:N_K(7PGX<5@RZ%IX(.01;)P?RK7H?+]DF4I2

MOZ4`'_+_`/\`;+^M3U!_R_\`_;+^M3T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%-3[H^E.IJ?=
M'TH`=1110!GZMHEEK
:K=HVY
[71L

M
]J]0=TC0N[!549+



-%&T2-R%?[WXUZ+\


3((V$@[X%0PW



_0Y'0TDFK6\D
-

U$B3SR[X8)91'_`



SYD:W
M=WW
8VZ$]CZ&G*)KF
&
H$ZDYZFDEECG4QSRA4

MEMR1Y@!?_=!^]6RO8YJE;D=GL7;:='@1CN78=I(YP16YI&NSR23M*S2.X(9W



D51'#/;;
;
M?(E9`I'0X'&167K/@BVU%%^]+(`0TK



Y&`UL+A
!@]:?!8:O<VWVF*[/E\X+7FTG#!20?5A^OI

M*3Q3$RAO7TS[UY?%HNIR7LMHVL1QO#LWLUTVWYL]#GG!&#CUJ-=*U;SUBEU%


M


MW]*`#_E__PV7]:GJ#_E_P#^V7]:GH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*\A^
@\S6=/C`

M_OP:/^$:UK_H#7G_`'X-%_




'.!P



M$\S
&1P%CSW^=F_!:`/:Z*X'QYJ\L
\\E
MG:01
_EP9=6=)/

)`[(2







B-()9)B66;:^W;'A\9]?F;&1UK+T#QI=V?AXP


G&%[#/.

M9:T@8Q#$9

;YW(5


/[C21ABOT)Z4IM;8J%-O%@+M`V#@9SCZ9`J:B@!;&T6
M5IEM81([!F<1C)(Z$GUIO]FV&Y'^Q6^Y`0I\I<J#UQQQU/YU9HH`C6&)3E8D
M!VA.%'W1T'TIOV6VV[/L\6W:%QL&,`Y`^@J:B@LVG6+/*[65N6F_P!83$N7
M^O'-+]@L]JK]D@PJE5'ECA3U`]JL44`5?[






$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#UN.-IGE+3
M2C#D`*V`!4GV;_IO-_WW26O6;_KH:L4`0?9O^F\W_?='V;_IO-_WW4]%`$'V
M;_IO-_WW1]F_Z;S?]]U/10!!]F_Z;S?]]T?9O^F\W_?=3T4`0?9O^F\W_?='
MV;_IO-_WW4](3CK0!#]F_PF\W_?='V;_IO-_P!]U+N&
C)^@I/
_P!EORH`












=[^5B&]'@W4#F[ALI3ZF'G\\5F/X;\`RC(A1<G&4:05O-I.BHS*VG`;6
MC&XD\9SUZ=J2*QT4L56P9



M44`%%%%`!4*_\?K_`/7-?YM4U0K_`
?K_P#7-?YM0`VUZS?]=#5BJ]KUF_ZZ

R*L43X&$P
MGKUR
/IS57_A&;DMN_M-\'L-V/_0J4^&[DY_XF+#GL&_^
M*J?:5?Y/Q1?+1_G7W,NR7.KIRME$5##/S]%V\]^NZBTN-4NK5FF@2!C=NT<
M^9SZGI_.J(\

M;XU]S+ML^M+M

Q@@@#G/-4O^$9N?
M^@F_;LW_`
52_P#-7&%_P)BW'^]S]?FH]I5_D_%!RT?YE]S+#-KC'S1$B$










MNI+/2EBE*J


C)K





BXW#&![8

M-O[RW
G[F-`5`!8'!SBJT48NIE
@1C'SR*1-)EE@

MN&WD`

L9+N

M

MN;^T$8VJ'3@?45ZE6F&JSJ)N1XD97BBBNHL****`BBB@`J%?\`C]?_`*YK

MD-:7T.];:2*6-B64

MH5S
?A;6=8O8X'

.QP1




M#CG!-9)UW3?^?D?]\G_N@FACN(6BE0.CC#*>AKD;_P?


MX4U9@`PC8+P/WF*;Q&*Z0_`E8?]9_C_`,`V5UW3690+H8+`?=/^%;X.0.]

M%%%`!4*_\?K_`/7-?YM4U0K_`
?K_P#7-?YM0`VUZS?]=#5BJ]KUF_ZZ&N8U








M)-6N+Z$0V]N$-_)`D?G;?

MN

HB

&QBK-]W!4L
`YYSTX-`&_17(IKVJ1ZI?RN=
1



M@!?USZT+IUDI!6TA!!0@B

Y39N
2YVXVXZ=


L&`#`^N0HS

FB:5

MO0`?@*K+X:T_^UY=2D3S99592CJNT!L!N@!.0

M.?+98QE

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 1 Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0.5in 0 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nature of Operations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0.5in 0 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was organized on February 21, 2012 as a Delaware corporation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 5, 2012, the Company entered into&#13;a share exchange (the &amp;#147;Reorganization&amp;#148;) with MamaMancini&amp;#146;s, LLC (the &amp;#147;LLC&amp;#148;) whereby the Unit holders&#13;of the LLC exchanged all 4,700 Ownership Units outstanding for 15,000,000 shares of Company common stock and 223,404 common stock&#13;options. All equity accounts have been retrospectively recast as a result of the Reorganization.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company will continue the existing business&#13;operations of the LLC.&amp;#160;The historical financial statements of the Company are those of the LLC.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is a manufacturer and distributor&#13;of a line of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce, Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats&#13;with sauces. The Company&amp;#146;s customers are located throughout the United States, with a large concentration in the Northeastern&#13;and Southeastern United States regions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The financial statements presented for all&#13;periods through and including December 31, 2012 are those of the Company.&amp;#160; As a result of the Reorganization, the equity sections&#13;of the LLC for all prior periods presented reflect the Reorganization described above and are consistent with the December 31,&#13;2012 balance sheet presented for the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since the transaction is considered a Reorganization,&#13;the presentation of pro-forma financial information was not required.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements in&#13;conformity with &lt;font style=color: black&gt;U.S. generally accepted accounting principles&lt;/font&gt; requires management to make estimates&#13;and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for bad debt, inventory obsolescence, the fair value of share-based payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Making estimates requires management to exercise&#13;significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances&#13;that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate could change in the&#13;near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense&#13;competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including&#13;financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has experienced, and in&#13;the future expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability&#13;include, among others, (i)&amp;#160;the cyclical nature of the grocery industry, (ii)&amp;#160;general economic conditions in the various&#13;local markets in which the Company competes, including the general downturn in the economy, and (iii)&amp;#160;the volatility of prices&#13;pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#146;s distribution of the product. These factors, among others,&#13;make it difficult to project the Company&amp;#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Certain amounts in the prior year have&#13;been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December&#13;31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company minimizes its credit risk&#13;associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may&#13;exceed federally insured limits. At December 31, 2012 and 2011, no cash balances exceeded the federally insured limit.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are stated at the&#13;amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer&#13;receivables.&amp;#160;The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable,&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding, and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management.&amp;#160;The maximum accounting loss&#13;from the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded, which is the face amount of&#13;the receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company had reserves of $2,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;101,110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Depreciation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 46pt&gt;Asset lives for financial statement reporting of&#13;depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 81pt; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For purpose of this disclosure, the&#13;fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between&#13;willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&amp;#146;s short term financial instruments&#13;approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Stock Issuance costs are capitalized&#13;as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering, the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity. Offering costs recorded&#13;to equity for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $1,088,964 and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Research and development is expensed&#13;as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $68,372 and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales&#13;revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&amp;#160;&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees and sales&#13;discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,948,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,843,066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;365,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;109,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,582,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,734,062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cost of sales represents costs directly&#13;related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&amp;#146;s products.&amp;#160; Costs include product development, freight,&#13;packaging, and print production costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Costs incurred for producing and communicating&#13;advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years&#13;ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $1,460,000 and $743,000, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.&amp;#160;Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees&#13;for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011 share based compensation amounted to $438,122 and $0 respectively. The $438,122 recorded for the year ended December 31,&#13;2012 was a direct cost of the stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;When computing fair value of share based&#13;payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The&#13;risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option&#13;in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.61%-1.01%.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock&#13;in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;expected warrant term is the contractual term of the warrant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Given&#13;the Company is privately held, expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected&#13;volatility had a range of 128%-147%.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed&#13;by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted&#13;earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss), adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents&#13;and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;728,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had no potential common&#13;stock equivalents at December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since the Company reflected a net loss&#13;in 2012 and 2011, the effect of considering any common stock equivalents, would have been anti-dilutive.&amp;#160;A separate computation&#13;of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740,&#13;Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and&#13;tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year&#13;of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance&#13;when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be&#13;realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Penalties and interest assessed by income taxing authorities&#13;are included in general and administrative expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;There are no recent accounting pronouncements&#13;that are expected to have an effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent Events Evaluation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 3 Going Concern &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As reflected in the accompanying financial&#13;statements, the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operations of $1,999,623 and $2,093,214, respectively, for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The ability of the Company to continue&#13;its operations is dependent on Management&amp;#146;s plans, which include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets&#13;with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources, including term notes, until such time that funds provided&#13;by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to incur additional liabilities with certain&#13;related parties to sustain the Company&amp;#146;s existence.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company may&amp;#160;require additional&#13;funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives.&amp;#160;&#13;The Company believes its current available cash along with anticipated revenues may be insufficient to meet its cash needs for&#13;the near future if it does not receive the anticipated additional funding.&amp;#160; There can be no assurance that financing will&#13;be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability&#13;to continue as a going concern. In that event, the Company would be required to change it&lt;b&gt;s &lt;/b&gt;growth strategy and seek funding&#13;on that basis, if at all.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 4 &amp;#150; Property, Plant&#13;and Equipment:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Property, plant and equipment on December 31, 2012 and 2011&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Property, plant and equipment on December 31, 2012 and 2011&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements in&#13;conformity with &lt;font style=color: black&gt;U.S. generally accepted accounting principles&lt;/font&gt; requires management to make estimates&#13;and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for bad debt, inventory obsolescence, the fair value of share-based payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense&#13;competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including&#13;financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December&#13;31, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Depreciation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 46pt&gt;Asset lives for financial statement reporting of&#13;depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 81pt; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&amp;#160;&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees and sales&#13;discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,948,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,843,066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;365,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;109,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,582,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.&amp;#160;Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees&#13;for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011 share based compensation amounted to $438,122 and $0 respectively. The $438,122 recorded for the year ended December 31,&#13;2012 was a direct cost of the stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;When computing fair value of share based&#13;payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;The&#13;risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option&#13;in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.61%-1.01%.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock&#13;in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;expected warrant term is the contractual term of the warrant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed&#13;by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted&#13;earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss), adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents&#13;and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;728,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had no potential common&#13;stock equivalents at December 31, 2011.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740,&#13;Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and&#13;tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year&#13;of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance&#13;when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be&#13;realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent Events Evaluation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Litigations, Claims and Assessments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time, the Company may become&#13;involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject&#13;to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business.&#13;The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have, individually or in the&#13;aggregate, a material adverse affect on its business, financial condition or operating results.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Licensing and Royalty Agreements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (&amp;#147;the Agreement&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce, Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats with sauces for&#13;commercial manufacture, distribution and sale (each a &amp;#147;Licensor Product&amp;#148; and collectively the &amp;#147;Licensor Products&amp;#148;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee, Licensor&amp;#146;s trade secret recipes, formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such&#13;Licensor Products (the &amp;#147;Recipes&amp;#148;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The term of the Agreement (the &amp;#147;Term&amp;#148;)&#13;shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each&#13;December 31 is referred to herein as an &amp;#147;Agreement Year.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Exclusive Term began on January 1, 2009&#13;(the &amp;#147;Effective Date&amp;#148;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated or extended as provided&#13;herein. Licensor, at its option, may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee, delivered between the 60th&#13;and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if, on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement Year,&#13;Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &amp;#147;Minimum&#13;Royalty&amp;#148;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence, and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement&#13;and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith, Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)&#13;years, by notice in writing to Licensor, delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration&#13;of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter, until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee&#13;that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith, or until terminated by Licensee&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Either party may terminate this Agreement in&#13;the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60) days&#13;following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights are&#13;in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in this&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the Agreement the Company&#13;is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive&#13;Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &amp;#147;Royalty Rate&amp;#148;), multiplied by Company&amp;#146;s &amp;#147;Net&#13;Sales&amp;#148;. As used herein, &amp;#147;Net Sales&amp;#148; means gross invoiced sales of Products, directly or indirectly to unrelated&#13;third parties, less (a) discounts (including cash discounts), and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or&#13;granted from the billed amount (collectively &amp;#147;Discounts&amp;#148;); (b) credits, rebates, and allowances actually granted upon&#13;claims, rejections or returns, including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively, &amp;#147;Credits&amp;#148;); (c) freight, postage,&#13;shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes, duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount, when&#13;included in billing, as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance&#13;with reasonable accounting methods, consistently applied.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net&#13;sales up to $500,000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500,000 up to $2,500,000 of Net Sales for each&#13;Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2,500,000 up to $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in&#13;excess of $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Royalty to be Paid &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;&lt;b&gt;with Respect to Such Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 51%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd&lt;/sup&gt; and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company incurred $134,121 and $124,139 of royalty expenses&#13;for the years December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative expenses on&#13;the Statement of Operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreements with Placement Agents&#13;and Finders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a Financial&#13;Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective December 1, 2011&#13;(the &amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, Spartan will act as the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the&#13;&amp;#147;Financing&amp;#148;) of up to $6 million of the Company&amp;#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments&#13;(the &amp;#147;Securities&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company upon closing of the Financing&#13;shall pay consideration to Spartan, in cash, a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.&#13;The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing, for nominal consideration, five year warrants (the&#13;&amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares&#13;of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible&#13;or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing&#13;on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors&#13;in the Financing or, in the case of exercisable, convertible, or exchangeable securities, the exercise, conversion or exchange&#13;price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing, Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided&#13;herein with respect to each such closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Along with the above fees, the Company&#13;shall pay up to $40,000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing, together with cost of background checks&#13;on the officers and directors of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended 2012 the Company&#13;paid to Spartan fees of $505,400 and issued Spartan 505,400 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.00.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Supply Agreement &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 3, 2011, the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with a non-related party manufacturer. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company grants to the manufacturer&#13;a revocable license to use the Company&amp;#146;s recipes, formulas, methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of&#13;Company&amp;#146;s products, for manufacturing the Company&amp;#146;s product and all future improvements, modifications, substitutions&#13;and replacements developed by the Company. The manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.&#13;Under the terms of the agreement the manufacturer agrees to manufacture, package, and store the Company&amp;#146;s products and the&#13;Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains&#13;a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either&#13;party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement if&#13;the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense&#13;for packaging and shipping materials or in the manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in&#13;ordinary packaging or shipping, the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping&#13;materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the&#13;product, other than due to defects in the original packaging, the Company will reimburse the manufacturer for any labor costs incurred&#13;in repackaging. Per the agreement all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement, the&#13;Company is required to acquire and install production equipment at the manufacturer&amp;#146;s facility to be used solely for the&#13;manufacturing of the Company&amp;#146;s products. The manufacturer will bear all costs of operating and maintaining the production&#13;equipment during the period in which the manufacturer is manufacturing products pursuant to the agreement. The production equipment&#13;shall be owned by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Royalty to be Paid &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;&lt;b&gt;with Respect to Such Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 51%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd&lt;/sup&gt; and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 5 Credit Line &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 13, 2010 the Company signed a revolving&#13;note (the &amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) with The Provident Bank (the &amp;#147;Bank&amp;#148;). The outstanding balance of this Note is limited&#13;to $1,000,000 and expired August 31, 2012. On November 16, 2012, the maturity date of the Note was extended to January 1, 2013&#13;and on January 7, 2013 was further extended to May 1, 2013. The outstanding balance accrues interest at a variable rate of 1.00%&#13;over the Wall Street Journal prime rate with a floor of 4.50% per annum. Interest is payable monthly and the rate as of December&#13;31, 2012 and December 31, 2011 was 4.50% and 4.50%, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Advances are limited to 80% of eligible receivables&#13;(75 days from invoice) and 35% of finished goods inventory. Inventory advances shall be capped at $250,000. Concentrations from&#13;any one customer exceeding 30% of total accounts receivable will be excluded from the borrowing base availability. The note is&#13;secured by accounts receivable, inventory, financial instruments, equipment, general intangibles and investment property and personal&#13;and unconditional guarantees of two of the shareholders of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 6 Investment in LLC&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2010, the Company advanced $20,090 to&#13;an individual. There was an implied agreement that the advance would convert into an equity interest in a new entity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2011 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest&#13;in Meatball Obsession, LLC (&amp;#147;MO&amp;#148;) for a total investment of $27,032, which includes the conversion of the $20,090 advance&#13;above. This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, investments are recorded at acquisition&#13;cost plus the Company&amp;#146;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31, 2011 the investment&#13;was brought down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2012 the Company&amp;#146;s ownership interest&#13;in MO fell to 28% due to dilution.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ending December 31, 2012 and&#13;2011, sales to MO were $73,768 and 4,124, respectively. At December 31, 2012 and 2011 the accounts receivable balance from MO was&#13;$12,680 and $0.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Summarized financial information for&#13;Meatball Obsession, LLC is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance Sheet Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;117,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;246,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property &amp;#38; equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 23pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;278,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 23pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;240,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;278,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;278,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Operations Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;315,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;129,571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;143,772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(349,039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(148,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(351,027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(148,432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Summarized financial information for&#13;Meatball Obsession, LLC is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance Sheet Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;117,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;246,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property &amp;#38; equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;32,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 23pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;278,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 23pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;240,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;278,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;278,600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Operations Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;315,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;129,571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;143,772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(349,039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(148,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(351,027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(148,432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 7 Related Party Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Supply Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with a Manufacturer (the &amp;#147;Manufacturer&amp;#148;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer is owned&#13;by the CEO and President of the Company. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license&#13;to use the Company&amp;#146;s recipes, formulas, methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&amp;#146;s products,&#13;for manufacturing the Company&amp;#146;s product and all future improvements, modifications, substitutions and replacements developed&#13;by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the&#13;agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture, package, and store the Company&amp;#146;s products and the Company has the right&#13;to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic&#13;renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel&#13;the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement if&#13;the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense&#13;for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in&#13;ordinary packaging or shipping, the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping&#13;materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the&#13;product, other than due to defects in the original packaging, the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred&#13;in repackaging. Per the agreement, all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2012 and 2011, the Company purchased&#13;substantially all of it&amp;#146;s inventory from the Manufacturer. At December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, the Company has a&#13;deposit on inventory in the amount of $192,956 and $102,860, respectfully, to this Manufacturer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Due (to) from Manufacturer&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ending December 31,&#13;2012 and 2011, the Manufacturer received payments on behalf of the Company for the Company&amp;#146;s customer invoices and the Manufacturer&#13;incurred expenses on behalf of the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses. At December 31, 2012 and 2011&#13;the amount due from the Manufacturer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer receipts collected by Manufacturer on behalf of Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;301,447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Shared expenses paid by Manufacturer on behalf of the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(142,247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(111,636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Due (to) from Manufacturer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;159,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(69,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 12 Subsequent Event&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Entry Into A Material Definitive&#13;Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 8 Concentrations &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011, the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;H&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011, the Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;F&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011, the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Vendor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A (Related Party)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011, the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;H&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011, the Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;F&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2012&#13;and 2011, the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Vendor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A (Related Party)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 9 Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&#13;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 5, 2012, the Company entered&#13;into a share exchange (the &amp;#147;Reorganization&amp;#148;) with MamaMancini&amp;#146;s, LLC (the &amp;#147;LLC&amp;#148;) whereby the Unit&#13;holders of the LLC exchanged all 4,700 Ownership Units outstanding for 15,000,000 shares of Company common stock and 223,404 common&#13;stock options. The stock options have an exercise price of $1.00, vest immediately and have a five year expiration term. All equity&#13;accounts have been retrospectively recast as a result of the Reorganization.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(A) Common Stock Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company issued 638,298 shares for&#13;cash proceeds of $200,000 ($3.19/share).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company issued 5,054,000 shares&#13;for cash proceeds of $5,054,000 ($1.00/share).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(B) Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&amp;#160;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=13 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Range of &amp;#160;exercise&lt;/u&gt; price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Remaining&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.18 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2012 and 2011, the total&#13;intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $0.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(C) Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&amp;#160;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=13 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Range of &amp;#160;exercise&lt;/u&gt; price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Remaining&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.54 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&amp;#160;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=13 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Range of &amp;#160;exercise&lt;/u&gt; price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Remaining&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.18 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&amp;#160;Exercise&amp;#160;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150;&amp;#160; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=13 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Range of &amp;#160;exercise&lt;/u&gt; price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Remaining&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number &lt;/u&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.54 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees and sales&#13;discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;December 31, 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,948,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,843,066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;365,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;109,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,582,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 11 &amp;#150; Income Tax Provision&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating tax carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,762,202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Realization of deferred tax assets is&#13;dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected&#13;to be available to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded&#13;a full valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2012, the Company&#13;has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1,762,202. Net operating loss carryforwards expires follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 51%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 47%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2012 and 2011 the amount&#13;due from the Manufacturer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer receipts collected by Manufacturer on behalf of Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;301,447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Shared expenses paid by Manufacturer on behalf of the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(142,247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(111,636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Due (to) from Manufacturer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;159,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(69,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating tax carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,762,202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2012, the Company&#13;has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1,762,202. Net operating loss carryforwards expires follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 51%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;December 31, 2032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 47%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockWarrantsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesCommonStockSubjectToRepurchaseOrCancellation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_InvestmentOptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfWarrantsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfWarrantsOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeeEqualToAggregateGrossProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfCommonStockIssuable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PaymentOfMaximumAmountForConsiderationOfExpensesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FeesAndCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfEligibleReceivablesForWhichAdvancesAreLimited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFinishedGoodsInventoryForWhichAdvancesAreLimited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_MaximumLimitForInventoryAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CustomersExceedingThirtyPercentOfTheAccountsReceivablesExcludedFromBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'

#$R
3(S
2YX



M_(1?

M?9+LPU%B=H_U$RX&U9IAF-7_O?YR9P^I9U68+P/+M^E1W
ME_H^L?F:WVZVJ



MM9$)
H04/RE42.9K%Y*Y`R$9KUU(QC:%%)DU
V'6(J7\$R(AC_MW`;=_7%.O
M1\6+B7!JN^C`HXFY3QXYP




M!V)!$E
M
;(*1BYY*`X#(M.9E@A9R\N\K0RF0)]3)DY[X.$.#)VK^+L2GSMZ


M


M`*2
04J`+`5(&8.4`%D*D#(&*0&R-$C]?``^;P'`-G;('490X/!7)4#6

M+R6F7@6F]B^268*I_[$$A(C!V\!2SML24W
NH9+7I950*3W5DDN72WB\7)2[




M^V=M


R/%Q9?F&M)
MO`X_\$`Z


*W#=#!X1'`IJ0=HLXE#;082D!^.#.3&










C
K<[2R4TL$SOC=<6Y]ME
\CE13V
M3O:Y[Z*RUAW*,4LMQ5N?TZPJ




\[?479;UA=)I;$T8Q6]0)6&QZ
MZ#99G9T==AVRN1*Y=(5Z!;+Z'8FS
!CBB_S4R3?QZ
V*!!-7-Y=''QN&
;
(


#/96T2R


3J=;BMY&G@#CEY@=AM@[^7G'ET+DY$%KZG.1KUCUFJK32C%

?W
*=/[@H%
MZ8]_=X-W(R*#L4L_''F6&##_E!BCX.CO@^`=/JR.U$\_F?7HKV2'/E`Y)2:T
M)_?
2XV+I)6XUB5AHM-Y%MYJ07X(A)?''
M[7?1%1?Q!YUWORKF'BV`I1A8OJJ@<I]<TIX(+3$F-?.8X%(CT,(B%]2U'G4)
M18RXULO)SF:[=Y+_ZI-K2]A#TM1.B8H[4C&!)BD`L3)_(`K1BRB+N0A]







?HKYG


TF!%=:M8'B[
[AO)!6033;RIFZ:$[*@0R)K5N^()^XP2
MF1!B91X!63K60GL

MJV+8+!

MPFBP8BJJI:-`]YUSA:B\



MZ%^AHV[6/X%T4F6Z`7$Q98.!+





B7T^@U20T/+'-R(:
1L3BHAU353C5H
`0L)D;3

M]3

M`'.S$WO@Z&^4=%6EA

MJG




\\!@G$^AD&
QC_T;?2
F

M.=29D2/\2](SB)=
[79
MQE1M


M#JC

9QVC!.ZY\.
MIZG-0342D
=P0'39
!RI


M''[DPL%45R=M47M(;!*=)OEOHJ-/)\

&%Y+5P+`4


MPX_


M?I+


65#\

X@BN&Y
M]]LE[4KA(G_&8Q$%O(%]+*C*6,LIR`=30W`BM%8&BN
YZOSSY=6OS/N+N*

=EXK`


M3!7PXO%G
1_2(C;?6%@/C(_XNFMWQF-[
AK@'UYW;+BS4V@49@/E-]!7KF(0

M$G?N:H4G/&?7__#_@P;#29\5Z^F34E%S@0S1@[&FW+(2Z;@I8$A$-0
B










MI2Q$2G0V%F'L7WS[8'T/5N[
.N^.;:WQ58K9CM^EI7F/2_-!7QH%H:^C[
-7

)JBKC;3\7`VV!+9





_+8


+2^EW893V
MCA`E*\*=1!*$2REX)/-UQ+S.Z*2WUHVPUH&Y@G_<4Z`R.37(D@&Q*KGU$1`








%$$-F


M&JW!KV(


\TAI
*$=3


M%]P1
MP#;W3'A%CHH/\_'FY%$][?IA7))R2YEQ%PH:WZS^-WY<;I)RJ\T1L3`&IC
M)2Y6-^4+?0G.K/-!A^XJ<WE.E?/K`M(P6*8V\D_#UXW]'L5$?5U3C*7HU
M2DO

MRR(.8$+&/)E15
(D#0%#S/?F<4U0=,<4D1N^$0]8A_V1!?WK,#B*(1




X4(\U/^XZ1[+$LK2W^VTCQDRYHB*?Q71@DMW?6%:*A]B;H._9S






ML?%-6F++C'*3EFC2$DU:8L6ND$E+-&F))Y&6N+T9M8
YM!8J!01!A5_]%7L$
M11?^/
6Q)G=DE94&M3]X]NE'M'MO/JU/QH..A/-^LW=(44=S6*UZ\CUBGN



MD



)BAJ
MP^L\IM2(!=
6`PF2P@;KC(+%!
!9\
!7ATLT`EX)%P@4ELJN)H2K'+S[`_
\



Q3T(;4TW5=7:)Z
RPOR
XJ-@J
MEMF\VMZP@61(8/









M$Z@8!7:N..LEDT`W;$Y05B6!M7:7/_9






M#CF3D\E%?^H@J-HKCXJ*`BC)7R6R%V;2BRHLOOR+(%QB$VXHKLF?'L*RPR
)

M



M:V'-W)`K:RBTFC&M/PD5++(N-YX:).DRM(;;9:RR1V)..S41%2X0%&;HGB&
M%2BRYLI7M2Y8WH95HO,$:U$'UMU8SLG4?8&&L#E&@`X?D\%GA?8@(S_!BJ3
MJ5::S]E3';IH.&H49FF
YVRE

0H%
M.-B4XI'^;\NN.-6)A1-#59/H4]OIX&K7[;PZG&2-%)624K

IMLU:

M/KV0]=8SN'63
@]OZJ_*!FN




MQ):K0HGV*-!$
`D0`PV9F

OT[N+22+L.`T*ZYYRQ
T

MQ9B?HWPHC%-@`&#=X
SR9LX@F@`^^Q:'.E)N808X%(`Y$=D.$^=QXCG5HR



Z+`538B


B!6DS
M(@F
XPQPUHL(9_QAD).$M/F8..F=[LP)0TQ3SMXV%*2K1'=P^X3IG443
M%:G4JU48_!)M!I_1$(HW4=`


X/LBTO&OQF@_22:!Q[/@2JG


5-DIYSK:9\QZWF84L%S@0T9M7'AMIK(^18I/-C6





[$[






MKM[S=XTPR!SX@KUN0QF*6.1T4DF8!EMYZNFJPK=:SW$!]X]VUV!^#S4BH@


H'583.2`^
M:_-UXS^A)`O%X6?`D94





BO4AF$N%Q.H=]CRT/^!N=

&DM0]*62$5`P%GAI8.]4!`$0D9

$(LIPC'


M\+0(F@.WJG@

TUSMG;EB
M9WFD]=Q07JAJ!@61#.`1E-]%;`9P&Z!\OB:.OKF&EL'I7WQQ2/Y1U)X9(4
M(DJWR8-K4_G4R^H=QJ



M1QANH+E9?'*GF_S\2F-$#(R@CE[B#G93:M&7X

MACFB_//@@T/K*\_5&UZH^PM*F2_Q&RYD+H@DC=QADV(Q1XFU:F_3*Y]_S3
M:4X9[%CLL*7ZNF)H`!$V^0B8TP`XW1I=$J?[S93Y;.'&;U4K6-4\#+XHNDYK




M72$CK






`/7P+._V['TEB`!VV&4AKHJ@VNZ.(I;]S^;6$1'D


M)WB`'&S;\M1Z@J[B*N[?_
6&=BN#^8`/S_@A`UCAYNYV!0;52?2A4C)GQ
M
6Z$E]C4-F+IQ#&@$L

6%2
MVH

/X+_HVU?'Q_2)*]I&0M0)HO'I!

N.;Z#.TPN#Z@_\S@GR4]&\X%=(=
G--/@R?TC^#
ME7PJ
P)N
OF^2/$)^#!S\*#=::)R6;%IS1O
[W&T(E(U/2K+UA@DRK
1R9DZ
MS
(^*,$
MOE[[CDR@DJ_9Z@G=%8M#9XXY/&#U*.9NP(1A@*^Q./R)UO[4;B#R\?<9;*^




M#BWTF5)96.L+EA;EL=AH.ZIO%0GJ%&U%2''A`O
`(5BX]`@T=:@Z`*B[&?C
MB

8=O;?8?3/6G8DL(.B^3I14*:RPG

R
M1][TAJ0NL7+3?D;00'1305L3BW*[Y\0/M/6SAHZ5/LW0`C:#3/9!AO.K1G&


M+3@4^+SEF9


&16GDOJNN!&-/W&
M%T8F#B$(I[!#UD4DRJG1-+:SKUBYQR%PX@.


M/5=0$)'(=A$0ZQ;5HD(_+/@=N@I(A$`E2;6=:(8GN@Z_R01M4OXH''=M3?YB



O64!!`SE:X.=MJ9U=['ZYK
16%^\4:_02:PQ?J


M]=AD+8OLU51

M2.6[YDOV%@T#JV_=5LBTOB;(X7Q-S@?:G^.[%\AY.[K;52+]@KI!'@*AOITP

M41[BZVZ/_Z



MJ&F6MT'BQD)#^:#/4K*CDDOGEA$%4.`193(_J&V%[S.M
9%C30%G@/
C&,%
M&:Q][XVL6DK9(=;-O]4YRG6&N`4;64NXGJ5$_0UUVJ*?%?]9TA_8]-81_L4
MO]8Q2-/.4U'AJF7,R439@^N[4%,;(3B7*WC9KJ@:;(^W'Y)+='IF0)J;6I


%&1_AF_GG[L+?7`=`9N`1BT%9@))]:06.((AR
M*6+

M4O2P/$

M)!#A
64
0^NE'$4NM6I)EDN9W$N97``E1$GC6


%BP47N)!RK2B]




X+G,CJMKPW6V)B_AKIZC5




M6PK%_9^$NYJTRGPJ.DNE,H2D[%_D%?3A25`L#K+%WG@&LSE]JBBN_DL&$@
M(


M
Z^NKM[_\@V0)Q*/72]$IKNXQKVA!LO?X5@\!M!
4WQCBF]
\8TIOC'%-TW-

J')E@KVXY9TPRB^\.??&/3*I:O'Y'[B^]ZW-(+$Z[V?]XO1=\!Q993
M!


DOKCEIM#M


MDJ?CDDWC)G1IK;)P`WY(V[
.+4*YMGZ'9&0D:?=FK$U*K*JV?J-+!1R=3!(H

M``LSG[ARU.N;I^S
9B'UDH$JF@AS+QULW8IZ+!1T0O763Y0*?2^20/\!J5/?

M4L!!6L94\[X&PB`)ENW

WY$#NX4!F*:
9`C=3Z0WP56A%%T.KJ
M-H!Z)2A:]N


Y:4JH7FF_4(0AM0O9HJ9]-3*
M'#.







KSVQX$B&\YNGX5=`[

M[7.#9CZ(*RBZ*.TBB!0&#^**5\O^(%W(6P6;3$_H
(F/ST(5+!
LB)[8/6



Z96L]79]N=GEFHL#4L?J#LU'O)\4\62%\

M8DF!$4M.4@.@2R`M;J1_VXVD.RF:RR61:JY-(D$P(-BL6_6!.[




`&PS=_X(&U4)O@*1$(#`+T8!UTX'@[MJ!
MV-3QOK.5Q6P3EX5Y<SNISQU@[G\7FRW;W=PLW'IQ

MG@^]8UWQ%LM2#XU'.LLC%Z



M
H;

9FE?FJI









MHY8J$M

DMM
4VW2&V8:SI#F&Z0YS\$K4@T-B<
M-`'3':(TJTQW-
=HG'9`J8[A.D.85:)]+/I#K$MRTQWB-*L
MTA6K!&ICO$

DUW
L31.64^\.L5
O!]D0XNKJ
MZOTO7_G[
WCFLY\VC[A
V/?@=ZXO&32=4'TFBII`=*'Q0V^32ZH@F$E?@N
M/?3'M\M7UIS-W*7C19.\6OGKS]O/6Z^@\57YO%?SV_XC!^_AXX?.?BEZ-*-
M9ES+)^%1]*V``;*I&%^F%GGEIB^A?.W=`8@G47Y&.WH5U$!25G.?4M6*^_1
MNK@-&5.(7C5QY4`


L0`6-SZS
M0.A$(+Y@#/%`9

GJ<J_1[Y@6KW!K)I5A?4=_B/_B*Z]IP,_L
MQ\Q+(I`V-!5@558)EU1'L%M,8-,:(PVIB*XO*/P)USIE%[.Y^,W^=&[Y#S[



M;'`W\SD]6C/HD^

\\2/[X#-+NR




G#Y61(R=SE-0J&H

M$WEFW0BYUHYL.*XDV^?

MG:L.4C%GJR!RN;7G:Z
)`766@&

3M6ZZXN.*+




3Z%4VKJU76;_3

IA7CON



M
4O=D*5^




0ELF*UJ4J.AG



\G#2D=D+ZE+Y*5+A!EK:2+E.



M`]TH2IY(@(Q2



E\S

^N4K4A]4\)(FD
MRH+5%D*F$#R_F9`
-G.6S-HLJ$KYG159QQM-W+PM3#&GR/0Y3-VPT*DY()N
M^$N:PYEBEAO\0*37M'S^\NG5K]V4N*?&?E]78V^PF*;3?3US[J3W4C\$/AP

#7S
MSB&52UE'E/N:D4^N


M70TK!T&[F





MQV99MRDRF[D%

J+E[
MY7^V7)5!<U=EVZE4LIK8)OIH]U]GR7])S`_-3+V2?*66[K?.3S)VV[=!I!\


OJZF0?!W45G=WMSCVX/ME3+DXGPN)^CXL4D%[%Y-Y+/









M#1%#))

B
$'1!81
M15^69NDADXM@1VK1`HH3YX=AA'8F;<6('<[CIR4A+17<3]%;TPHBCW639W9
M:7#?S/)@L]RC

MU+A^'+I^Y



%C-)XLP6T?\H!$S.PWNFUD:K&:#U;QG66OP

#?)8RH0Q6\R$

MQR7X@;&:D0[$:[8*L)H?Y.WJ5F#-?_TYB=[=.L[JEV]Q


YNXZ9O8H!B;/6GV
M9+/VI$$Q-GO2[


*O/AH3Q+






ML`8?MJT7F`67E@8?MH%RV
R


*UE[X..DDDUL\&';(&EF$S=]
M$QM\6+

MXFJT2:.7I]56A](G!A_V!$77:)9&+T]==HK!AVTX/NRP


2_4B:4`6\]A('=

3J5KZL?J6HA5IA4T';QT.#'AK
M

M+OT!OQF]LN9LYBX=+_K;J\]?/KWZM=?K#SJ#Z@!JUZ@[R/2[&Z?_(W)_\5WO
M;Z_B

M10F;7R8A5Q

YJ1YH
MY(@XCA0+C*:4.W'^^'9YLT%?@$%0G;8H276#F+6^PCJS&KS*ZR=7G81KAVN+
MQ+

MS7

M)0RIQ.2Q/U8K%N)/O[M+-ZY=759#=B&+IL^?:].MK5R5W:
EV7QGX;)7NN#@
M9O#/WM7P


[BR'
M_Z_@C;7@S+&X6K8B8`]2



ME.R!/5]8O)





G\/`EO.+5N[73[K#(8:=\M1D*?[=ZZV


MN


COKC

CE[CV:
M^ZEG^MF?P=;=P2@N6!R:W8OHD).9

_O\S;=4_EZKRC

MS(DG\UQ64M[5K]^6C()[^V/NS?`X^OB!








MTQJ




MC?=2VBH0B@V;BFRCRG71NRYWFI]7106C5TOWUNJ_WYGH1]?N=
LEYI::+K*I









M'R$)
OR387'A-S:#WU6EX[*1@JUIV
LD*F#FSA#CGQPW1`PY?N@D2XDYN&(S
M+@9_#[@T8#'1U_))I+EJR%+U(-TS_:JFAKDTF7V9DLV2[.N-#\J^]7
B?\'T
MXJ*+;F^DG_Z%(^Y








T88V3


?
M=








:R%];-+KMW5%HAY-)=S!Y

5':$



MQU`



MV5YJ

M7K&I!ZW&:G[)

W:C!RB(

;<_*D?)G+F_?/1C-WZ\X5ZZ._OD!4ZAA/;?=0;ONL/GP*D*
MO\<'^^O//Z:AY_X_Y?_\_\'4$L#!!0````(`:D$+;'1`XV`\```2Y```5
M`!P`;6UM8BTR
#$R
3(S

M```$.0$``.T=:W/;N/%[9_H?4-UTFOL@2[*=W



M=Y!KGX`%ML87_A+_`JZAAT[`9^0C`@-
?@&_03?DG^!SQT4$S+&W=E&`V!=Q






:&'_.#

3''ATYOES9H;%R9TJ8B:H3JBZ&8Y7T'_=$+

J$ZR+J3Z!S2U;F+7[0$6@%J1\\ULY`$
MY?7$YME'2!W6U2U!E'6J-$MU\;248NAYD&QNEO?.D^\P]4!F'RP+A\Q`^$^W
MV&4*0W*Q:F%I1_%GS%#.

MT*?04K*O



M\_28';I

M^+/C'9F
ON2

F*5A=//U3G3.:9Q\WI(D3G







*`_=.*(QT[J7PB_9



MUW#(!-JV'*PQ5U9I-K!%;C@HA)O(-G3XG-G
$#&.H7O+EKP7_ARNG6!;@E=V


MN@2


P#-;

;`26%*;)NG
HRYN+:.EX[
M)[



[V0JAX5I&&V_[G



^J.*\HL`?10LRL\29]1];9B1FHJBWN1EOQ)YHS(=U719=#1







V

5AB





\T$OV'#YN

?\^J

=

M;6(M
C`Q
C$R

MZ)C80L[\R\&WA\/1P_CR\L@+G`L8&,'?CEP\,$__OX_?S#8OU_^]_#0F)H
M6V?&!)N'E\X

88+U]LZ$+V15#Q


M`R;SP?'1T7#PK^NK!W
!E^`0.=P^)CR(J#B7/+KAY\^?!_ZW4=%
R;=G8D=U







M7ZS*MXV^O*Q





#17E*LFD(

L95
5?B%'!N29(RIRP9P?PI7400QJ[I7[*77/



MS@GT#\__#8'JT-M\S77OY96?B*IRJ!MI0H$3.(.$3=C9UR-*H?)BOA+3!N4)
M-QN=^16F=


++P$J

MC



J-5!^


MFRB+4W:P$I\V#K9$8'7\:/L-)M/)CYQ_0]*N6$1DA9]U%IZ6PR


01)U@9&U[&AEG=



+20V?UD@3UV[%_!PW
M
;B/&4MN$=0?22)
=Q.#.LWT'SEQ(4WHJCCM38SQ4U9Q
;7?-+?HZV\4PH0X
M


#Q&%$9)T
Y0)A[1A9IQ0']*
GZ+?F@@=

=@2







MH


/8IDB8=&S$\T!-`2)^H/:(C;=+

D6Y012]YYI


V9I@8`68C!&W$
MJ+4RA=JS
;%B


+X
M$O=
VE&_ZJ
W







[J%P
6F:/;Z[!^F[QX)E?FT)LQBZUAZTQ@:1(199



M8MOE-%9_/E:A`;K-'A2#+7Q&+Z?D/AA!]4D]#18




7%]3-R[C(F[!O_!9.Q1EW7;A$KBW?(*ZAK+)A9*MV/N



4KI$SF0ZE:^2(L;'AW*^7^_5ROU[NU\OZKLSZ];*.

&?A3BI-`A:I







U7+6A!Y8\V/&NXL
M5M2&$EN[OT(T7S`Y1BM(P!Q&K<M_2K/K7O#<-^CX[:A
I&7[YKQKDO3\PV
M]\'+&X+[GKV\296)O+S;?'%MS8FWU.E_.6$VG0)$9._F:(/O/;I](SJ2'7U
MVIU3Q=8.10*FVORN_EDOBGWVP@8T(?2U][K5$RX3/+:(U:]'+0-NGQVY/04)

//
M3C


M(;0H?WF
1W
QV1M]HZ@%1/SS@8F3`YNVUV4$K'&9BHA@'VW]QH
84\$`;8
MCW@TGQ
X9YB^$DQIA%IAXABH;-MRHHALMN[]LJ6(B?0V$G#H66')044.V)

P
MGLM'*]]#KB'V.3^3)_QA4=9M0[+T=R-E$3
=P-'8/SI5B7#S79=\;WTHK3RT
M27._UD9'*J=





M^
GI


WVO9YCP

M^`]^UL$^^7]02P
$%`````@`)H*00C1':(FW10``11($`!4`'`!M;6UB+3(P
M
3(Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``\BQ;5'(L6U1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[7WY



RR_^(?HJ2-?M+=DX2G*.3





/O0]^]#'?V
?^I?JSY?1`TZ^

HM5[-E:]QTE9U']YQ_[R[L/'
MRCO^2_7G7^FPN\S2NS*;_7:%EP^X^0@OX9^_TLB][Z-F&I.\AA[E
T/Y*XGW

MO0K9

L&Y1]D@E1M)%%OS!I(#R;Q#%A@6&4
MW$0DODA/HA6AXYW6.1ET?/+
GZ;9UH%,#RS0=GGV48',24Z[4&5&C#7=HO+
MB*0X/HORE$YQRW75
(^2:8'W&:77!(









M1NE40_DH4V%4GDJE!Y!C1K`&IOVA7!RA?Z

M#
5T!932Z8!D%8:F`9_:^*2]][YM(]8SX%?+_`.8[F)=:$T):*@89#0T$4



5PN?FUOX/%@+

:N9!R_WJU7JX3@7'=J
M;4NC7H^W[:0.N?@MK(8G-$[+8:Z%P`Z=#UEJ]63^9PD)JQ_A*/0M8G8[5P

M[]G#:39;
XY2MI^E)2E?66ZB?G(_54.8T*9+&RG9ZWN89+

ZX

+$\K5/$HNTAB__`6_*@LW
MD/-+#`7

J+`2:P-1E4<B!X80`WW.'BXDC(BX/#(9V#%9X+N%J044=//:D

M\GY)8H#=I8M&!!Q]`@5%&)*[WYC6JA60T(O')U^RI)U6D:YZ`K]57^-G%_Z
M*&!V:=,3`D07.3(%31IAX7.*@&L78DB\Q:LL+TGZ*'*[JR?AG'/*QE:T+T%


MEX6!AGTAKP\

9MF:XK[%
M


&T
MP-1QBAL=?!S6^QLK39^<<2A*FTH6:F`89H^U3[Q*$V&A6O`;1G31K-J!3SB



)OE:QRWH-HMA%M9+$N[E`TV3*YA3H8)KIC5BZB
MKX0)[N@B8:19S8)!W4N2XF(Z/\EQ3`R;-7)1OVY.#;;KYX9R8.BE`3?T=EF

D(4;:V668'L)E/6R&'AWM
M!L'`8YUQFD]KG67JI*-&@S:.






\:\:D


M.]O

GZ'.0F\[KC6$@!#

M(C!H

!@?8D+8YU$C#^QXYRTN

MV@$2_@+ADJ3\829V9D+/-*.6UT'.K@B=@4^O`H9O=C@'8Z/0$H?7.WK`G-S`

P8KGADL:`IO*V)8.09@A52IN-&%#B
M#``.+CVPB)RGX*CHDZ50:


;(H/4)0F500G^&08;Z@'Q]GN\X*LB
K;21
M9%TJCRL9M7P2QK((;0H95
!$ZG8X50Q#*Y;[LSIUPM31._3`+%2[N]P&#!K^
MC
GC@J*9/%%7^XBOU\L'G$_GO-MDS5V[!QKS=IMRMPF\OC+(&A^%;P^\RO


8:*(RVKILM=J'WGK[I/7







$Z;^Q83EKO8YA&C

ML.YH!0R)1T






.B$I9\$OIYW

NPFQ^S%JU


M*TC).V*O_(ZZ/B@YJCB
B4Z*4+SJ&-2=4$F@IY)N3B`-[\UL\'V2V*C)_92
M(T!F]YH6D[Q)18.89ZOABUY&$+

_\)?MU!4F*VR3Q:[%:C-7#M-*&L3
MHU`/B


MV93$M5`
X6C-!9$Y6;465`=K1S;'182+,]O#R!04#[*&?K
`EJ_+I=W'H0


MZB3'L?+=;8U\*/\FA:WR:QUAD/Y


@YBXJS&K9PXUR;0
M\2MJU
%-GAG421JS_V+;`D]1PCJF2!'9/X.@J#(W$SXI/*9P;1*[Z
.B\0CD
M


M&T7_BJ/\O6##VVQ'@*GJW(`K6O&




[5P1Z^.@TXN[D\OIW9?;
S0]1]?3


MZ(K49D]/'.




MH^3NXJ([6]#)$C*S2-&N4?::-T(O),N72D=G(+6$!4YMBR6JT![F6
._*8

W=-@



8Q^O!Y:^\S:Q
R
M!L.@[2E^*(TQG$G8[RM'.L#=]XYDDF#HI84WS+KP4**--#COURV

1


MVFK0O/'HJC(Y[ET8/H@NI1T.MK=Z^)W*-

MO=)J5XCNS5:]#AA&6@(=7G`5F7FY'FHK@O/.JA+:Q\].%B`PTS+.=E`'SU?[
!<L`TIL,CW(X6
M.`_)-QG24ISR8*#M7:.=JM<+U`Z%Z5S2M-`#PT8'L)(CDAM5(Z/+=*6KP8?

(

M@
.K`K4X$O+@/%:_0

%A:F:^@='D%@TM?CR=GQ4E6;)M
M:T51^T(^62,'V*9*5P(,/Z2P^J2@0NQ@3.VIVLETHT/?N/I5?RG]H:)B[:W

HDTH:C*LS0E3D3C0
M1E


M@BG/J%HKHA


!:KV:EZ7?N85V4[B3$


25FKP_*.=%ZUQG0JGSVFQ'[28J'GUS-:%J/K%PU*8#AH

M8-
[/V
M;A'EV(Z11BVO%QWMBMY^:A7`<
\.YR#NY&5%GOI#W$]&%QK#CK;[I^IQ(




M((@SE1P$VJSJ5VCVWJW9S?LLY:L@K3/'+AW4SD*`KN92-$FGL5&'1G\'S#HB


CBBN?G#H8`D/\



6I6'60MX!QDW12
'_GA!\[:

M2(L[R6EL_LB/A1R_;D1NHE?^`O5SE


[J1E3ZS2;RSN


].




MWVSQ5Y?6%#7J:




.)
M3


MUCE6WH'5B\
)0%S`#A:FF!JJ].K+JX$43H%%N]H7BI6!#LOW[GI_Z_%_6?
MXD=VE4$7`
KAR2;ZM'$5O))5QN\HQM_
7'KU]H-'J1-A?8J^1-!*M:P%+;

%:\.QKX1?$T_2G*4M
HSES;:T=CGS&(JF9J%0%2DL3WCY'
M:Y'FYDHTF^5KOC9676G)4DY7L

M

!@J*Y`=.]N:
M!\!


M2Z`G_+QS98SZ[LIL&-)7RVB\`+1@32'KPLFJR*SCC;RV\!NFA1@D-`2I7Y-
ME/%IPZZ:4_LZ^[LNRFR)\^+L98;Y(S3W\)V(@3WI_/[!1ZFLV72R3K&\3EM

(U]^BDS_V
;027ZNG@Y('


M*34V2?96$9LNHQBC
D

9G]?4T*GENQ'=;_E+&S
MG?6:BY#*!W.X;8WY9.!V!6Z3=)PE

5MG2?W(MU<.SI=X_N
7:C`
MQ47:C%?2I0HW?6_3P#'%:J9W+LK!63D6\?U@5;Y!8CXS4/0A)NAR=3;BSM



M



;34-RN!4PZ


M#7
WBD=


M6X).EL8OJ^5#)F/DDX3K+
VZX#5OPNLUX.T'6.*5SYX(ET5?UP_'?Q





-8TQ`'LGTF
J[663KF
V87LU7VN@K@6JLT]







0K)$'0UP+D-K7C_F(PY((BC`3!LUV

WM?`=*^]%U&5Y:B214]
F*UP









Z.X4VNRD-=EWF#:ZZN1=_-RLQ;6_B'NBP3XHRG
G9*/^NGX*.]VP'3L\Y=6)3YFN\E
S_7C;^QLU^CB#XA:9R38[PUR79J0O93?=%G<

[E+8&K.7EH1_U&
^W)GE=AX(=[8WK(?CSO;<7+MS9WL^O;<V7XKRB[R



S3.BW/:$BP/`=OPF<[IB/E$7=M-$LWX6*\HMZVR
M3Q*Y%:A-+CM-
*1S@CL8SBIE-








M7*^WU/49-3D5I]VUK!3!D-X%;9^.E2J5W_+##U@=,,KV=2+JA++E9X5K*_


&


MY[0.[5RH3`-RXZGAFAJ.:?*&$[I!&^TD*A;L%$T[VIH\%/Q0XZ]=,*PFLH
M:;^5F(HX424D-!O]1Z8=IG
TEC1_]H:





G=C5]


MIO/[!9[



M_
$9-&Z'#90;2WQWC=MB?V];0[]LG&Z0*&WZG-(!?T%67U+225BR*]ND(?5
MIG9@^RW8:&NUG[_`0G%$`VUZYR`H!K*#JPF-R#M5ITMN@N+W(`^6NHL(8^$
$I.EDIOK6XK3NF&/IVKRUVYB)L9.5&FU$54;.H
MLAMDA/67319LXULBU[<W-8*X%;9EV-A!XB[NC45662\-3%)2+'#\.<OBH@GQ
M1G9]5V.`3N)`95$81M]H*J($[@5T]P`&VM75P]4U:IU5BJFB:(G:C[\[T
MY


2W,^(6X?M3&@
M%@AT_(K:<G4\P9$@`06UL`.!C$TJ(+3(7RXO6NHCX[OKD?L^W7TM]%]_-32





H@8]6.WM!EJ9@;161XT^VT-H6PBV!Q;7I&(+
MV88F-G`:CM+M-(=H'C3U_@/Y36\KQ-QN9^(/8L&1`[`I7U+66FY;[F?7

MQ'X3L80Q7Y?9-XA51


.%
MABI%425])$[\!VH!_NWK+

M/5F

M65HK[R!EJ6;FXV8!=+M;`;=L;S:%Y;/7=BI&@H--LJK]NGV_N1
^!!J'5]6J


L60N[Z`-JXU&P!V==60NSV)/_HV7G
MJ+[N*YEDOH67T


MVZ`?G




F*8$0


+$#7TW('Z
M^4U(WOS7__T__^+0__[ZKV=GSA2CP/_H3(AW=A4NR'\ZM^X*?70^HQ!%;D*B
M_W2^ND'*?D*F.$1
R:K=8`21'^1??BC\_[[#[YS=@;H]BL*?1)]N;O:=;M



8LRT_(WS5G-TG]R`2?!^B5`2JX93V[C#[\_=
MB#*[1`GVW$!K

M`9

?D\IJY?/@#E%T/P8*T*W*T.W
M*P3LFP_N8]#5^

NU^6I7:_'
MX.B

%[0-W91&0`@Z_$277F#A\_G^`

_IC

4&^ZMLG*/'F.[4
MO-WY:.`^HH!W_RNCA9&^;3+87)P\'3!&WO=/Y/FMC_!;-G[V%\[(V;OS/!GP

/MTF+`$3

.8M
MWJYY=.K


MN#D0AA^L@D'%O;DEF-^Z&=.A/)%(O@`?M`3B\*-5.$AX-@?!+R@(_AZ2;^$]

2(O\JCE










M*

&
MN3/4W@MVL/N[Z&=3WV9+
90]7R'[07KZ4VD&A::OTSD=
$1





2
B%TK:1C*WZ@FN[]*WWBO2M$ODIA:OWG2*5]RSB`_;Y?FJ.
M(IXZJ]X\BBE-WI=N&N;5$(D=*V,EUWF4)DL2X7_NS56,795BD`EZ`!E8A:_


M7ZP6.P$S8A-.V?.]`4O

M92U$A$R^FM4JF^Y924T5?L661E.5FR%8973P&+);/1E;O(`R;-NA(#);F4%G
M\P'BWHZY\BI
$)7C=MGE0Q=ZX75-S68U`T5-5%PT-;N?
K
+T1
+EYLWO.(C

I[+U+CWF^.$@3X4F8DLILAK`^MD`QV+$W

P:!LVIG9O&%]A-L)S8;3M=EBO'3#



IYE^
M/DK





MTG[`#Z0;X^SG4T9#Z=VH1Y\8V*%E$T1A\3`'1:`=Y29F'[/J$P\B8MDFO
Q?


M06

G@D=@#QD1/8\*A%Q
;O9
I%.P53)ZC=/!3ESP
ME_YT.S%;\*(WG\'Z%P+%NV/9^WC:KH2\


A[2=&U0(BHL_K

O%(TZ
=LF9^.
MU*6I^.R:%J8D*G*R/TT5P@T@-/O&:+?3@5I`PY\*X!)KO0TP_=YI-\JA+[!7
MNF/

%
(*%



L0[90



MK8!





MY8OCV']180LJHBZ7H?IOJ31;2652I6$R+ZHU4`@=7\8YEBW

MZS+(MX9Q_N[0
+:T#B?F&[P]N=%\DGJ6%)8%H#.;)5
_.KAAZG5ATDK!$!XD

G.*EPU`


:``G



M
OK.HEXN4SU_/65+UX9


M6M(8?M'J_7M00
1E!&8?0]2;CI5\VV&

MA96N]HN20#&`M$;?.-13!2UI'.^J+LA
`71&GQS4O!P#E8(=:^@=%20=`]O6
M3=`SLBZ\'2QU(A`E&9?`=3=]H!%80=V]TN\7F?WD__FAG[`KZ_$=#J@
1F

=J#&U&JV8.\L0(
!

MP!B:J#D4(1L)RJF[8#F%GTKL!61D/[50P5_'@:9?C=F'\33@[*ID.R`^#%





:LX(7


MV5A;T5FR+M9R

ML!_-TB1.W-#/DF0O7U#DX9B+`:1&A@=E='4&Z*`5F/6^HF^?%FLX`ZG(C:[M
M.A

2;Z]
D_P6
QWC*(X1


GZY)'(_IBKU9D(AMDC41!/=C


.Q?%*





.5




MP^*/HH&98VQ

M.V#H5/FVMR6^DH!V$^!DP]3O&'.`Z



M(%$1&7VJ+\DJ.5R+@X@';4SZ&S#QEY_9JV%0?\?P4Z:7(7IB9;O-YWA2ML9N



98




M
EHLZ
1



MS/ALL1WN94@]O\T\C;RE*[_7U*RK`11C;R.CGB)VNY)(5^%^?9BDZ(&PZRF(
MK12[65X`EUX7@ZC*KB^3_N'9O9FYG0CTH%&0#Z#*NJXL[)@7CU7#QVC=]3YJ

?.L+I#O++FW(V2S4/D


_L=#I



MZ


M!=&[L7*2`417(#S;&%');F/P4I/4,H'K5`*ZY']R?L\!5%.0913$.441.E,
M^RW[I
1<^8E<;:9WY]VMRGZW6`J=
F#KBT[708



^A8HI[


;MORC2#UL=D1
MU&I%0LZ3`#H`G=&C6S5B8


M[8@3V!]@

M9?8JS%SEGK3N\.O/,Y9+U-+'59C(3_LFPWPB.\)AW9'DQL+!M+L&VIMU
2

MH]`OB$&8:_1G=:Y1H5.'_N$4NCVE'W4VS63GAZ

M^QTK5]\[9@U?UE0%^=^N\0J+N._WDX-
2NI6WJ]N^V5I8INUON;1$]L2%%ES
M6;=%FK=XHRFZ6G4A4\ICCV0(.4IFT'EU
Z*]#JG]*5/&SNT&K'KV)_N^`O?P
M5


MK8E08:5E7==N(
G76&D9V(
V%D1X!2I4%'HM8P/?TV\K`=(E

MI1OF^\Q;$CZCF.XN^W$2];]O?WG:HX-A.AE35NFB%SGT'KMH
H(!/(1B`!'3



M$@&F==/:6]Q=:^=V8P+
+#`]R?8^7*/%1'O6^B-A;=J1[LM$@`?9MIA(;\
U

M0`YQ]CYYR1U'+GLJ/S%L1_FUQY).CK*NE0SRI.D(\NO)2LQ=MO2_`3Z);`




A.






0.`I&A1:KZM
6J@A%J([2J/=%BZQ*S%[AJ[CSC`
M4;Q+1*MVTHJH_YV6\SJ16#K7E.X2Q;N.3\TV'/NON*PSSC%[YSVGD?R]BY?

R5PW#7J3\Z`**OCU'4B
ML6,2/$AYS&J%S1;9L`O7-:@H_D&]T@=RA]9IYW=&
VB
=LS!P''0H!TA_V;
M/6?04(7.96J'JO`Q[X=:4G-ILK.:SFRN@JZ50V2@M8+FOV'_8WGY]?_U!+

C`Q
C$R




M_17!OT]_;[?1D!++/$
T`)XZ0F+'2
8+R*4.98S#S2P8







MI!8QGH]7*NR`7@)7UCS3Z_E#2L\;`HC-T89$

7(FDAE?ELPR

M6NPI9SAL'NFU?UHX&A0%Y)%HE'YO(9+G)#Z?0#1R@04%I=[%Y/-57AE:;X5O
I]PHXTQ<V\9\/9Y/Z



MI1#@7RJ@)
XFGBTTOZ-.NY$1DO!$@0:I3&1X[!;#+%SQ`8/5(1Y70Y[7K]
M9K(W'QL!.HKP&Z76B3L3Y*L+8EP^1@%LNE&OT)RL*T1%'F[#E%DEB=TE\2U/

=KJ8+/I6C`(53+@2

F4611N0(*80\8'


MRW0^$\Q3`?BKT=?[0/;Z@D(?2*7'/B\H8`8%W*#9&D7\H(@AI#AJZ`C/GL'5
_4;L.'<5;%L=$U('/.3'A<4\(DCIELQNJWF9VD:NP9)C

MO

$%SIXIT]H(.@Y)8&YDJ&0NF`8B
MWID*B$
Z(?

:KK\!UT+^W.C_&L&9R6Q


M57I3)%

%S27B1Y^F!WURJOBLD



OH0


]U)I_94R9
M@BIBU4O4P)ELNG`ZB5

;AU!`//(-X;4.I\(0:O@['

Q
M%;;`(N#TYG-J42PW_K$ESNYKZNLZ2TR





M6EKN]?BKN^5$1=6HS

W+/E4O&Z1_$?'!
Z#(V




.C_SYP%/W7\EY?A
MX_\`4$L!`AX#%`````@`)H*00N$Y.#^\@@``]0('`!$`&````````0```*2!
M`````&UM;6(M
C`Q
C$R

M4$L!`AX#%`````@`)H*00ML=$#C8#P``!+D``!4`&````````0```*2!!X
`
M`&UM;6(M
C`Q
C$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54!0`#R+%M475XP`!!4.```$.0$`

M``!M;6UB+3(P
3(Q
C



3(Q
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#R+%M475XP`!!4.```$.0$`

 'defref_MMMB_GoingConcernDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_GoingConcernDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83,X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q
M-6$T-S1E9C`B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@





O4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970P





O4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7





M7VEN7TQ

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R
M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
\+W@Z3F%M93X-


T0B

38N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M='
#I.86UE/E-U8G-E<75E;G1?



M=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@





O4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC

O4VAE
M970R





O4VAE970R
M








M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE







#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
CDN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K






M



M968]

&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^0W)E9&ET7TQI;F5?1&5T86EL<U].87)R871I=F4\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M



M965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M+U-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@



M971S+U-H965T-#





M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M;F=E;F-I97-?

#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970U



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




^
M#0H@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO



M8E\V83

M;G1E;G0]



T0Q/CPO=&@^



]




N/'-P





]


]


Q





]
M



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%=E;&PM


M86QI9VX]






M97





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P

M-30L


]



]

]
T1T97AT/C(P
3(\


M83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F






]

T1)1#!%4%=!


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]







#4\


]
T1N=6UP/C4X



#$L
3$P/'-P86X^








]
T1N=6UP/C$P


M
BPY-C0L-C



]
M





]



]
T1N=6UP/CDP



]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N=6UP/C
R.2PR
S



:6YE(&]F(&-R961I

]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]



]


CDL
C



]







C`L
#4T

M
34L




M/B@S+#
U
BPP
S





BPX


3



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPY
M.#(L



M.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

O4VAE970P
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M86YC92!3:&5E='

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#














]

C`L
#4T+#`P



M7S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F
`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




M='






]






]
T1N=6UP/C8X
M+#
W



]
T1N=6UP/C
L

M+#$V


RPS
SDL-3

2PX.#4L
#@T

]


]


]






]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N


]


S0L
38X*3QS





M;B!S:&%R97


]


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O






M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^06-C=6UU;&%T960@

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-3
Q+#`T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#
V
2PW







]

#`L


]
M



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A
M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



X-BPW
C

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#
U
BPT


M:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]



]





]

M



M;7`^-2PP-30L


S@L

X+#$R
CQS

]

]
M








]



RPS-3(L
#
S*3QS


C`L
#4T+#`P


]


M-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W
M-&5F





]






]





]



]

]
T1P





M-RPP



]


]

3$W







]
M
T1N=6T^*#8V+#
T





M.3`L




]

]


]
T1R






BPP.3
L


]





3`L





]


]

M($EN($EN=F5S=&EN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



3U=3
M($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15

]



#`L





]

]





M1&YU;3XH
S`P+#`P


]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@


#
L




]
T1N


M








]






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]


]
M

]


]
M



]

M
V1E

Z+S1D
M-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F

'0O:'1M





]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#




M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F%T=7)E(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P)SX\8CX\=3Y.;W1E(#$@3F%T=7)E(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G
@86YD($)A



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

XU:6X@,`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T

`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

2P@
C`Q


38P



30V.W
L($Q

M:&4@3$Q#(&5X8VAA;F=E9!A;&P@-PW
#`@3W=N97)S:&EP(%5N:71S(&]U

#`L

M;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@

N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@






30V.W


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M8F5R(#




T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY3:6YC92!T
M:&4@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@:7

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




N#0I'04%0
M)B

M97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E9C`-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

]









@




M

M(S$V



T0G8V]L;W(Z
M(&)L86-K)SY5+E






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M;&4@=&AA=!T:&4@97-T:6UA=&4@;V8@=&AE(&5F9F5C=!O9B!A(&-O;F1I

M;G1S+!W:&EC:!M86YA9V5M96YT(&-O;G-I9&5R960@:6X@9F]R;75L871I




M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]P97)A=&5S(&EN(&%N(&EN9'5S=')Y('1H870@:7
@

M;G





M86P@5&EM97


M='
@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@=&\@97AP97)I96YC92P@=F%R:6%B:6QI='D@:6X@



Q-C`[=&AE(&-Y8VQI8V%L(&YA='5R92!O9B!T:&4@

38P.V=E;F5R86P@96-O;F]M:6
@


#MT




M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97


'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@






M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



@;6%Y



M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@











M8V5I=F%B;&4L#0IH:7-T;W)I8V%L(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@
M86YD(&5X:7-T:6YG(&5C;VYO;6EC(&-O;F1I=&EO;G
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&1E=&5R;6EN97




-

M8V5I=F%B;&4@;F5T(&]F('1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY);G9E;G1O







S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q

M/B8C

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W

#$Q/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N


3$U




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$L
3$P

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C






M;W)M86P@5&EM97





#L\



Q-C`[



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4







M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY297-E

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@=V5R92`D-C@L


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;W)M86P@5&EM97



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@


BD@=&AE('!R;V1U8W0@:7
@9&5L











M='


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


@

M92!A8V-O=6YT960@9F]R(&%S(&$@9&ER96-T(')E9'5C=&EO;B!O9B!R979E





34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q
M


M/B8C



C4T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M






T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

S8U+#0P.3PO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF
M(S$V





3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

RPW
M
S0L

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;BP@5&EM97





'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q
2!W97)E(0Q+#0V,PP
#`@86YD(0W-#,L,#`P+!R97-P96-T:79E




@3F5W(%)O



T0G9F]N=#H@



@5&]P:6

M
30W.T%30R`W









L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!S


L(&%T('1H96ER(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;VX@=&AE(&=R86YT



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@:7-S=65D('1O(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE97
-


M:6-H(&ES('1H92!M;W)E(')E861I;'D@9&5T97)M:6YA8FQE('9A;'5E+@T*









S@L
3(R(&%N
M9`D,!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92`D-#
X+#$R

M;W)D960@87


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^5&AE#0IR:7-K+69R

M+E




M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






M

M97



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M':79E;@T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@


@:6X@82!S:6UI;&%R

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









L(&)Y('1H92!W96EG




M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

M97


T0P('-T

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/E1O=&%L(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!E



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z





2P@
C`Q





C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q










M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@






M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@




M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@






M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

V1E

M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B
M-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





T0G9F]N=#H@





@;V8@)#$L.3DY+#8R
R!A;F0@)#(L
M



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M('1O(&-O;G1I;G5E#0II='





M('1O(&EN8W5R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V




M:6QA8FQE(&EN(&%M;W5N='
@;W(@=&5R;7
@86-C97!T86)L92!T;R!T:&4@






M

M97






-

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

T0G9F]N=#H@





M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2P@
M
C`Q



M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXS.2PV


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[


3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3(\+V9O

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



@



M(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`L

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97


M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q(&%M;W5N
M=&5D('1O(0Q,BPU-C0@86YD(0Y+#8Q


M-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U
M830W-&5F







3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]



T0G9F]N=#H@

M8CX\=3Y.;W1E(#4@0W)E9&ET($QI;F4@/]U/CPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


RP@
C`Q

M;W1E)B








@;V8@1&5C96UB97(-
MC,Q+`R


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@9G)O;2!I;G9O:6-E*2!A;F0@
M


C4P+#`P

M:6YT86YG:6)L97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@8F%L86YC92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!O

#$R(&%N

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83,X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E9C`-D-O;G1E
M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&0U.&%A-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T
M9F)?
V1E

O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M96YT(&EN($Q

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`L
M
#DP('1O#0IA;B!I;F1I=FED=6%L+B!4:&5R92!W87


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


3$@=&AE($-O;7!A



#



M;V0@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX@06-C;W)D:6YG;'DL(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&%R

M

@8G)O=6=H=!D;W=N('1O(0P(&1U
M92!T;R!L;W-S97


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#$R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#8[

M97




S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M#0HR

RPW-C@@86YD(#0L
3(T+!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



M:#H@

M;&4]



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


M

M(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M
3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


@


Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

30L.3

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U


M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M
W!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M07-S971S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN

M97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




3$U



3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M97

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




34E)SXF(S$V

T+#`X-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN

M97

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97

F(S$T-CL@17%U:71Y/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M:61T:#H@






24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.S

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

\

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

S$U+#0Y
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



@



M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M


3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





M97

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@

U
2PP

M(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF





M971S+U-H965T
3

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5

]







]




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@




30X

M;7!A;GD@9W)A;G1S('1O('1H92!-86YU9F%C='5R97(@82!R979O8V%B;&4@
M;&EC96YS90T*=&\@=7-E('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B




@=&AE(')I9VAT#0IT;R!P=7)C:&%S



N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@
M8V]N=&%I;G
@82!P97)P971U86P@875T;VUA=&EC#0IR96YE=V%L(&-L875S

M;VX@;V8@=&AE(&EN:71I86P@=&5R;2X@1'5R:6YG('1H92!R96YE=V%L('!E

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X


















38P.SPO

@3F5W


3(@86YD(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('!U



2P@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&$-


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\





L(%-E


@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@



M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL




M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

C`Q
3PO8CX\




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30R+#(T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3$Q+#8S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ-3DL

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

\


]
T1R


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@



M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



2P@
C`Q
@T*86YD(#(P
3$L('1H

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@

#$Q
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C





M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

38\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP

M5&EM97


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(-F%N9`R
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:61T:#H@





T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


R4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

3
\




M5&EM97




T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F%C:V=R

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3$\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=#H@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(-F%N9`R

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X)3L@

M5&EM97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V1E

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?
M-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


G

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M-2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9`T*:6YT;R!A('-H87)E(&5X

3$
@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM
3$
F(S$T.#LI

M
34L
#`P+#`P






@


M;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



N


@


M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/CQB/C(P

M/B8C

M5&EM97

#4T+#`P
M


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q



M97




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




Q-C`[



M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#M!
M=F5R86=E)B


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#H@


M4V5R:68G/CQB/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#`Q+`R
#$Q
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH

@






M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






M)B


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN

M97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



2P@
M
C`Q


M







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

R4[



T0G9F]N=#H@


C(S+#0P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]B/CPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C(S+#0P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

C5P




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0Q
R!S='EL93TS




T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@



34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@


I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M($%V97)A9V4\+W4^(#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI



3$U





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

@


M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/D%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@


@3F5W(%)O



M97


@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#8[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=&5D)B

38P.T5X97)C:7-E)B
Q-C`[4')I8V4\+V(^

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@



M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
2`P,2P@,C`Q,3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G





34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

M5&EM97



3$U



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@





M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V



3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

#`\+V9O

M(&)L86-K(#(N

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

2XP
#PO9F]N






34P.R8C

2P@
C`Q
CPO8CX\

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B


@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#(N




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


T0R('-T

M/B8C

M=#H@



M)B



34E
M)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


@3F5W(%)O

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



3$U


M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH

@



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4





SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F
`T*



]

M:60]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97



]

M;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\=3Y.;W1E
M(#$P($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]U/CPO8CX\+W`^


M8CY

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@=&AA=!T:&5Y(&)E;&EE=F4@=VEL;!H






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M8V]M;65R8VEA;!M86YU9F%C='5R92P@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N(&%N9!S86QE

30X.R!A;F0@8V]L
M;&5C=&EV96QY('1H92`F(S$T-SM

30X.RDN
M#0I









:6-E;G-E($%G

@







@86X@)B

M06=R965M96YT(%EE87(N)B

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(#$L(#(P

'1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y(&]F('1H92!%9F9E8W1I



M86YD('1H92`Y







L(&)Y(&YO=&EC

@3F5W(%)O








M;6%I;G







M86-H97




@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M;W5N='

M:&4@8FEL;&5D(&%M;W5N=`H8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY(8C









'!T+VYO


M(&)E.B`V)2!O9B!N970-G-A;&5S('5P('1O(0U
#`L

#`@=7`@=&\@)#(L-3`P+#`P



M;@T*97AC97-S(&]F(0R,PP
#`L





M965M96YT('EE87(@87

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@

M;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
Q-S$W

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)W=I9'1H.B`U
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
Q-S$W

#PO


M+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
Q-S$W



34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






M


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




#`L
M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#H@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G9F]N=#H@


65A<G
@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3(@86YD(#(P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY!9W)E96UE;G1S('=I=&@@4&QA8V5M






3$


M86YY)B

M;&%C96UE;G0@86=E;G0@=&\@87-S:7-T('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN(&-O;FYE




L(%-E
'0M:6YD






M8W5R:71I97
@;W(@=7!O;B!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&]R(&5X8VAA;F=E(&]F(&-O







M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C







M;VYT.B`Q


M('EE87(@96YD960@
C`Q

#`@

M)#$N


38P.SPO

@3F5W



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@










M;&]P960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H92!M86YU9F%C='5R97(@:6X@='5R





N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE
M;G0@8V]N=&%I;G








@;W(@





N($EF('1H92!#;VUP


M8VMA9VEN9RX@4&5R('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@86QL('!R;V1U8W0@9&5L:79E



M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!-87)C:`R,#$R+!T:&4@86=R965M96YT




M4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83








]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



]
M


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\
M=3Y.;W1E(#$Q(8C




M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@

38P.S(P

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2!F;W)W87)D<SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M





T0G

M5&EM97


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



34E)SXF(S$V




M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.3DL

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M;&4]




M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY#0IH87
@;F5T(&]P97)A


2PW
M-C(L





T0G9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`S
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

2PW
M-C(L

M;&4]

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D
M93$U830W-&5F






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P




M97

M/CQU/DYO=&4@



M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@









M;V8@36%S8V]T(@F(S$T-SM-97)G97(@4W5B)B,Q-#@[*2P@36%M84UA;F-I
M;FDF(S$T-CMS+!);F
N+`H=&AE(8C
30W.T-O;7!A;GDF(S$T.#LI(&%N



M

C`Q



C`L
#4T
M+#`P


M97


Q-#@[*2X@26X@8V]N

M;6]N('-T;V-K+!-87-C;W0-G!A:60@=&AE($UA:F]R:71Y(%-H87)E:&]L
M9&5R(&EN(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O9B`D
CDU+#`P

30V.W






^+RH@1&\@


$5-







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


M96YT('1O(&UA:V4@97-T:6UA=&5S#0IA;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@









]







M92!#;VUP86YY)B


@:6YC;'5D:6YG#0IF





@97AP97)I96YC960L


@97AP96-T960@=&\@8V]N=')I8G5T92!T;R!T:&ES('9A

38P.W1H

M:2DF(S$V

@:6X@=&AE('9A




30V
M.W







M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY#97)T86EN(&%M;W5N='
@
M:6X@=&AE('!R:6]R('EE87(@:&%V90T*8F5E;B!R96-L87-S:69I960@=&\@







2!L:7%U:60-FEN








N($%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



M.B`Q



M(S$V







M(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7


M96EV86)L92!N970@;V8@=&AE(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C
M;W5N='
N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

]
T1R93X-


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G=&5X

34E)SXF(S$V
M





Q+`R,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

\+V9O

T0G=VED

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3`Q+#$Q
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*#0H-CQP('-T



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C

M;W)M86P@5&EM97





#`E.R!B;W)D97(M



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q

'!T+S$Q




]

]
M



@3F5W(%)O



M97




@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!A=!W





T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@
M27-S=6%N8V4@0V]S='
6QE/3-$

L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V

@


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W97)E(0Q+#`X.PY-C0@86YD(0P+!R








M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P
3$@=V5R92`D-C@L





@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@




M97


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G9F]N=#H@



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M;BP@5&EM97









@86YD('-A;&5S#0ID
M:7-C;W5N='


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

M/3-$


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


S$L(#(P

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M5&EM97

38P.T1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-3@E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@4V%L97
\+V9O

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



L.#0S+#`V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L



M;V8@4V%L97
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



M97


38P.SPO

@3F5W


M:6YG(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

#L@0V]S
M='



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@9F]R('1H92!Y

S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@=V5R92`D
M
2PT-C`L




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4








M8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@5&]P:6,@-S$X+`F(S$T-SM!8V-O=6YT:6YG


2!I;G-T<G5M96YT


@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%3
M0R`W

M4T

M;65N='
@27-S=65D('1O($YO;BU%;7!L;WEE97


















2P@
C`Q
@T*86YD(#(P



M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0HR




@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





24M
2XP





38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

@;F]T('!A




M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M


T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



L




@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD





M('-E8W5R:71I97

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G
M9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M)#$N






3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C@L.#`T


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M=&5N=&EA;!C;VUM;VX-G-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M

M=!L;W-S#0II;B`R,#$R(&%N9`R





T0G9F]N=#H@







M;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R!.;RX@-S0P+`T*06-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@26YC

M:7




@9G)O;2!T:&4@;F5T(&-H86YG92!D=7)I

@86YD(&QI86)I

M5&EM97


@87)E(')E9'5C960@




@86YD(&EN=&5R97-T



T0G;6%R9VEN

M5&EM97

M;F-E;65N='

M

M97

'!E8W1E9!T;R!H879E(&%N

]
M

@179A;'5A=&EO

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

@



@979A;'5A=&5D(&9O

CDL(#(P
M
3


X



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]


]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@26YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
3$\+V(^

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N


M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$L
3$P

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


]




M97
@86YD('-A;&5S#0ID:7-C;W5N='



M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^

M
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M/CQB/B8C
38P.T1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M
T0G9F]N=#H@


@4V%L97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


L.#0S+#`V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C5P



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P




T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M


M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


RPT



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]


M9VX]






M







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W

#$Q/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M





T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


Y+#8R
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

CDL-C(W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D






'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



M7S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F
`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M3$


]

M2F]I;G0@5F5N='5R97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


34E)SXF(S$V
M

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;'-P86X]

M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M;&5F=#H@
3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M06-C;W5N='



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$Q+C5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

30L.3

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


Q-C`[


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M-C`L

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@


W!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$Q+C5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T+#`X

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



T0G9F]N=#H@



F(S$T-CL@
M17%U:71Y/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN

M97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M.B`V-4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

38P.S


38P.SPO

34E.R!B;W)D97(M


Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
3PO


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

S$U+#0Y
SPO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$Q+C5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T







M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

RPW-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


3$N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:68G/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS97
I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


3$N-7!T.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

\+V9O;G0^

M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

U
2PP








T0G9F]N=#H@

M





C
N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$
$5


]





]

6QE/3-$)V9O



M(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


L(%-E
'0M:6YD





M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



38P

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X)3L@


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@



M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[







M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T)SX\+W`^/'-P


M8E\V83



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


]










M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V




Q+`R,#$Q/]B/CPO



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C





M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
6QE/3-$)VQI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF
M(S$V
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



]







M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:6YG/3-$


M;&4]

M8VL@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M4V5R:68G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@

3



34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



M:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N






34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY&
M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R#0IA;F0@
C`Q
M

M;G


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A


M

M


@3F5W(%)O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E



]





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



#$L(#(P

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





T0G9F]N=#H@




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



2P@
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

34E
M)SXF(S$V



M

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#L@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C
E.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


C0E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M;&4]




2P@
C`Q

M(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C(U


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M4V5R:68G/C(R
RPT






T0G9F]N=#H@

2XP


]



3

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O







M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M)B



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






M5&EM97

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





3$U


M/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@/]U/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.24[



T0G9F]N=#H@


C(S+#0P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,S(E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL




T0G=VED
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2XP




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M=#H@





M('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9VAT960F(S$V
#M!=F5R86=E)B




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]






3$U



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4




M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

34P.R!$

2P@
C`Q


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/B8C

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


M
34E)SXF(S$V


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


#$R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M(&)L86-K(#(N



Q-C`[


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

]
T1T97AT


3`P

T0G


T0G
M9F]N=#H@







B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U




M

M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@





M(&-O;'-P86X]

M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


@3F5W


T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

2XP
#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


C8N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$5

]







T1T;W`^4V-H



M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH

@

M


M;&]R.B`C

T0G9F]N=#H@







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M5&EM97



38P.SPO
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68[(&-O;&]R.B`C

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
Q-S$W







Q-S$W

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



M7S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F
`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



]



T1T



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


Q-C`[
M;V8F(S$V

38P.S
Q+8C,38P.S(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT

3$U



M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.V]F)B
Q-C`[1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$Q/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2PW-C(L

M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W





M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



3$U






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M)B




34E)SXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B



@


M;VYT.B`Q



2P@
C`Q

BPR
M

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M96%R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q+`R,#,R/]F;VYT/CPO







M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





M;VX@*$1E=&%I;'

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


]


]









M

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



M-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U
M830W-&5F





]




M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP




]



]



L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
M





















]








]


]


#`E/'-P



M8E\V83



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'


#$L

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\



M1#(^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]

]



@4V%L97
\+W1D/@T*



]

L($%L;&]W86YC97
\+W1D


T1T;W`^



M-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

O4VAE970S
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


#4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q









]
T1N=6UP/C(R
RPT


C
L-#`T




]

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&0U.&%A-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T
M9F)?
V1E

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P






]


RPR


3
\

M83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F






]

T1)1#!%1T@^












;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V

V+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
CDL-C(W/'-P86X^

97-S
M.B!!8V-U;75L871E9!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C`L

M97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E9C`-



M(&ED/3-$240P14A


3
L(#(P
3`\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$







]
T1T97AT/D%U9R`S
M


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^17AT96YD960@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T


M
3





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*

]




]

]
T1P


]

]


]



M


]

C4P+#`P



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97)S

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P+#`P





M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5/4T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



T0Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L
M












M(&1U92!T;R!L;W-S97



]


]

]
M




]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S
T+#`V


T1T;W`^365A=&)A;&P@3V)S

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L-C@P/'-P86X^

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&0U.&%A-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E
35A

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M26YF;W)M871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#`X+#$V









#$L


]
M


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



#$L



]

]
T1P





#$L




]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:6YC;VUE

]
T1N=6T^*#$R
M+#









M;VXL($Q



]


]







]



]


]


M
BPU




]



]

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


M3&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1T





]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q-2PT.3







]




]
T1N=6UP/C$T

S0Y+#`S.2D\



M9VX]

]


]


]

]

S(I



M86$W8E\V83






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M





M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&0U.&%A-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E


O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]






]

M;G








M-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U
M830W-&5F






M/3-$


3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]






2XP




]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83,X7S0V.#%?8C1F
M8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E9C`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-&0U.&%A-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

M='
O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

@+2!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!!8V-O=6YT


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M06-C;W5N='



M06-C;W5N='





]

M1&YU;7`^
C`N






M06-C;W5N='


2XP


]

]


T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!O9B!!



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@1B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@




]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N


3$N

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M8V5N=')A=&EO;G



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]




]


M-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


M
#4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]


]



T1T;W`^3W=N97)S:&EP(%5N:71S



]
T1T


M

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P

]
T1R;SX-


]



M




]







M;7`^)`U+#`U-PP



]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M







M86QI9VX]





M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q







3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



M9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


C

M97)C:7-A8FQE+!96=I;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



M;G


]






]



M



]


]
M

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]


]





]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N


M


]


M-C@Q7V(T9F)?
V1E

M.B\O+T
Z+S1D-3AA83=B7S9A
SA?-#8X
5]B-&9B7S-D93$U830W-&5F






]

]

]

]

]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#`U+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]









]
T1N=6UP/C(R
M
RPT



M9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4@*&EN(%EE87)S*3PO=&0^







M;G

]
T1T


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(R
RPT








]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1T97AT






$56






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M






M;&4L($5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$











]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

]

]



M



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1T

]
M


]
T1T97AT

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C4P-2PT
#`\







]



T1T





]
T1T97AT/B9N


]





]
T1T97AT

]
T1P



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T



]



I(A54T0@)D\


]
T1R


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]




T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@




T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F




M/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$1E=&%I;'






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
T+#$R



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9F]R;2!P



]

]
T1P



]



]




#4L




]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


M






]
M


]


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!R;WEA;'1Y(')A=&4@;VX@



T1T







]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M-3`P+#`P


M9VX]





BXP


]






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M+#`P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N
#`E



M1&YU;7`^)`R,PP
#`L

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T





M(%EE87(@*$1E=&%I;'

T1T;W`^06=R965M96YT(%EE87(@
7-T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!2;WEA;'1Y('1O(&)E(%!A:60@=VET:!297-P96-T


T1T;W`^06=R965M96YT(%EE87(@
W)D(&%N

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^36EN:6UU;2!2;WEA;'1Y('1O(&)E(%!A:60@=VET:!297-P96-T('1O





M;7`^-S4L






T1T
M;W`^06=R965M96YT(%EE87(@



C4L
M


M9#4X86$W8E\V83

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









#$R/&)R



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PW-C(L

M97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q-6$T-S1E9C`-



M(&ED/3-$240P15=(04




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW-C(L
C`R/'-P


S0N
M

M;7`^
S0N




T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L




M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F8E\S9&4Q


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]



2P@
C`S



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T9#4X86$W8E\V83
X7S0V.#%?8C1F

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M:'





]

C`L
#4T+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3G5M
M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!C86YC96QL960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RPT
#@L


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&0U.&%A-V)?-F$S.%\T-C@Q7V(T9F)?
M
V1E





M9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R
M,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
RYH
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceOfferingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NatureOfOperationsAndBasisOfPresentationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OwnershipUnitsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConcentrationCostSalesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RelatedPartyDepositAssetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RelatedPartyDepositAssetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_OwnershipUnitsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityIssuancePerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableIntrinsicValueOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInvestmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_IncreaseDecreaseRelatedPartyDepositAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMachineryAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleAndMaturityOfMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CashPaidDuringPeriodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPaidFormOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ConversionOfAdvanceToInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfRevenueTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfCostOfSalesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_MMMB_NatureOfOperationsAndBasisOfPresentationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NatureOfOperationsAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInvestmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RisksAndUncertaintiesPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 50%; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

    <td style=width: 1%; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

    <td style=width: 49%; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_GoingConcernDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfMinimumRoyaltyPaymentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockWarrantPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CustomerReceiptsCollectedByManufacturer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharedExpensesPaidByManufacturer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_DueToFromManufacturer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfOperatingLossCarryforwardTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesToAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReductionInInvestmentDueToLossesInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReductionInOwnershipInterestInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesAndSalesDiscountsAccountedForDirectReductionInRevenuesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

