

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-15-001673
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150501
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150501
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		15821792
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X] ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the year ended January 31
 2015



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)




    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
File
    Number)
    
Identification
    Number)


25
Branca Road
East
Rutherford
 NJ 07073
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)


(Former
name or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities

 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 31
 2014
 based
on a closing price of $1.85 was approximately $23
590
184. As of January 31
 2015
 the registrant had 26
047
376 shares of its
common stock
 0.00001 par value per share
 outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated By Reference: None.




    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
TABLE
OF CONTENTS



PART
    I
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors.
    
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings.
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data.
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
    
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    And Procedures.
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation.
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statements Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

Included
in this Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;
Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after
the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Our History


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Mascot Properties
Inc.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;) activities since its inception consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
primarily related to student housing
 and services which included general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination
for residents. Mascot did not have any significant development of such business and did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack
of results in its attempt to implement its original business plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders
to look for other potential business opportunities.

On
February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey
in order to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units
(the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain
options to purchase an additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of
the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Inc.

On
January 24
 2013
 Mascot
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama&rsquo;s
 with Mama&rsquo;s surviving
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place
on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). Mascot acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of Mama&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing Mama&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Merger
 the Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders
became the majority shareholders of Mascot.

Immediately
following the Closing of the Agreement
 Mascot changed its business plan to that of Mama&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 Mascot received
notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 Mascot began trading under its new name
 &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc.&rdquo; (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and under its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


    
    




MamaMancini&rsquo;s
roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini emigrated from Bari
 Italy to Bay
Ridge
 Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old world Italian recipes that were handed down to her grandson
Dan Dougherty. Today we market a line of all natural specialty prepared
 frozen and refrigerated foods for sale in retailers around
the country. Our primary products include beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 all with slow cooked Italian Sauce.

Our
products are all natural
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna
&ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic
colors and preservatives that are used in many conventional packaged foods.

The
United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted
to the USDA and approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling
Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains
no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or
poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves
your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural
label.

Our
products are principally sold to supermarkets and mass-market retailers. Our products are sold in multiple sections of the supermarket
including: frozen food
 fresh meat
 prepared foods (meals)
 sandwich
 hot bars and cold bars as well as cold deli and foods-to-go
sections. Consumers can find our products at leading food retailers (supermarkets)
 including:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Shop
    Rite

    
    
    
    
Stew
    Leonards

    
    
    

    
Stop
    &amp; Shop

    
    
    
    
The
    Food Emporium

Giant
    Eagle
    
    
    
The
    Fresh Market

Giant
    
    
Price
    Chopper 
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Harris
    Teeter
    
    
    
Weis
    Markets

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


We
sell directly to both food retailers and food distributors. Some of the leading food distributors we sell to include:



Associated
    Wholesale Grocers
    
Gourmet
    Guru
    
    


    
    
Grocers
    Supply Stores
    
The
                                         Chef&rsquo;s Warehouse


Burris
    Logistics
    
Monterrey
    Provision Co.
    
The
                                         Golub Corp


C&amp;S
    Wholesale Grocers
    
    
    
Tony&rsquo;s
                                         Fine Foods


Central
    Grocers
    
    
    
Unified
                                         Grocers


Clover
    Mountain Foods
    
Super Store
    Industries
    
URM
                                         Stores


DPI Mid
    Atlantic
    
    
    
    




    
    


Our
ten largest customers accounted for approximately 86% for the year ended December 31
 2013
 approximately 82% for the one month
ended January 31
 2014 and approximately 81% for the year ended January 31
 2015. More specifically
 for the year ended December
31
 2013
 the one month ended January 31
 2014 and the year ended January 31
 2015 our four largest customers represented approximately
51%
 50% and 64% of our sales
 respectively. We depend heavily on these customers and more information regarding the possible
effects of any loss of these customers is discussed in the section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;.

We
have grown the number of food retailers (supermarkets) carrying our products from approximately 7
040 supermarkets in January
2014 to approximately 10
800 supermarkets in January 2015. In the supermarkets that carry our products
 we sell an average of
3.3 of our stock keeping units (&ldquo;SKUs&rdquo;). The number of supermarkets carrying our products multiplied by the number
of our SKUs carried at those supermarkets equals shelf placements for our products. We have grown the number of shelf placements
from approximately 22
600 in January 2014 to approximately 35
800 in January 2015.

Industry
Overview

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic Italian and are made
with high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 including
frozen
 deli-prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment of the meat department. The overall size of the specialty prepared
food business was calculated by the National Association for the Specialty Food Trade in association with Mintel Research at over
$80 billion in 2013 and has grown 18% since 2011.

Packaged
Facts
 a leading publisher of market research on the food
 beverage
 consumer packaged goods
 and demographic sectors
 projects
the overall sales of Refrigerated Meats and Meals to be approximately $31 billion by 2018
 up from $23 billion in 2013. According
to Packaged Facts
 this 5.5% implied CAGR is likely driven by trends including a focus on convenience and healthy and creative
new products. In addition
 Packaged Facts projects that retail sales of Natural/Organic Foods and Beverages will reach $53.5 billion
in 2014 and will grow to $86.7 billion by 2019. This implied CAGR of 10.1% is likely driven by the growing social and environmental
issues surrounding the interest in and health benefits of natural and organic foods.

Our
Strengths 

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brand:



    
    
Authentic
 Our products are founded upon Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini&rsquo;s old world Italian recipes.
    We believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current customers
    and will help us attract new customers. Additionally
 we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding the
    great taste and quality of our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
Our products are made only from high quality natural ingredients
 including domestic inspected beef
    whole Italian tomatoes
 genuine imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs
 natural breadcrumbs
 olive oil and other herbs and spices.
    Our products are also simple to prepare. Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 thereby providing
    quick and easy meal solutions for our customers. By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging
 our meatballs
    can be prepared quickly and easily.

    
    
    

    
    
Great
 We strive to provide our customers with a great tasting product using all natural ingredients at an affordable
    price. Typical retail prices for 22 oz. packages ranges from $5.99 to $7.49
 and $5.99 to $7.99 for bulk products sold in
    delis or hot bars. We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent a great value for the price.

    
    
    

    
    
New
Since our inception
 we have continued to introduce new and innovative products. While we
    pride on ourselves on our traditional beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 we have continuously made efforts to grow
    and diversify our line of products while maintaining our high standards for all natural
 healthy ingredients and great taste.
    We recently introduced Fusili Pasta with Bolognese Sauce and Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&reg; (penne pasta
 crushed meatballs
 sauce
    and cheeses). Other recently introduced innovative products include:



    
    




Five
    Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
    
Antibiotic
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs

Chicken
    Parmigiana Stuffed Meatballs
    
Gluten
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs 

Chicken
    Florentine Stuffed Meatballs
    
    




    
    
Strong
Many of our consumers are loyal and enthusiastic brand advocates. Our consumers trust us to deliver
    great-tasting products made with all natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website
    and/or social media channels. We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired
    enthusiasm for our brand. We also believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases
    and new consumers trying our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
We have a proven and experienced senior management team. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 Carl
    Wolf
 has been with us since inception and has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of food companies.
    Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company
    engaged in the development
 marketing and distribution of cheese
 deli meats and other specialty food products
 which was
    sold to Land O&rsquo;Lakes
 Inc. In addition
 the other members of our board of directors also have significant experience
    in the food industry.


Our Growth
Strategy

We
are actively trying to build our brand&rsquo;s reputation
 grow sales and improve our product and operating margins by pursuing
the following growth strategies:



    
    
Increase
. We intend to increase sales by expanding the number of retail stores that sell our products in the
    mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels. 

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. We strive for product placements in the frozen
 fresh
 and deli segments
    of food retailers. We believe adding shelf placements within the supermarkets that carry our products will increase customer
    awareness
 leading to more consumers purchasing our products and expanding our market share. 

    
    
    

    
    
Grow
. We have an experienced sales staff and now employ two full time regional Vice Presidents of sales as
    well as our Co-Founder Dan Dougherty
 Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Matthew Brown
 our President
    each of whom is involved with selling to
 and managing sales with
 major supermarket chains. We intend to add additional sales
    personnel in 2015.&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Expand
. We currently work with approximately 25 retail food brokers. In July 2014 we expanded our
    broker sales representative network
 adding 9 within various territories and with specific accounts of focus. We intend to
    add additional food brokers in 2015.

    
    
    

    
    
Enhance
. Starting in 2013 we began a national radio campaign on Sirius XM Satellite Radio and
    also have commercials running on political talk radio. We have increased our social media activity with Facebook
 Twitter
    Pinterest
 and YouTube. We also engage with consumers through newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and special projects
 including
    a bank of recipe videos and contests and giveaways. Targeted consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
    on-pack couponing
 mail-in rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising will continue into the future in
    order to increase sales and generate new customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Adding
. Our market research and consumer testing enable us to identify attractive new product opportunities.
    We intend to continue to introduce new products in both existing and new product lines that appeal to a wide range of consumers.
    We currently have approximately 17 product offerings.



    
    




Our
principal products are meatballs with slow cooked Italian Sauce. We currently offer meatballs using the following meats: beef
turkey
 chicken and pork.

Our
current beef meatball products include:





Our
current turkey meatball products include:




    
    


Our
current chicken meatball products include:





Our
current pork meatball products include:



Recently
we expanded our product line to include certain meatball inspired Italian prepared meal products including:



Sauce
Products:




    
    


Product
Development

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
continues to improve products and to develop new products. We also contract with third parties in order to develop new products.
We recently introduced new products
 including:



&ldquo;Mac
    and Mamas&reg;&rdquo; (penne pasta
 crushed meatballs
 sauce and cheeses)
    
Antibiotic
    Free Turkey Meatballs and Sauce

    
    
    

Gluten
    Free Beef Meatballs and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce
    
Bolognese
    Sauce

    
    
    

Gluten
    Free Turkey Meatballs and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce
    
Fusili
    Pasta and Bolognese Sauce

    
    
    

Five
    Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
    
Stuffed
    Chicken Parmigiana Style Meatballs and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce

    
    
    

Antibiotic
    Free Beef Meatballs and Sauce 
    
Stuffed
    Chicken Florentine Style Meatballs and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce


Our
new product development strategy is inspired by Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini&rsquo;s old world recipes and new recipes derived
from those original recipes. All new products currently under development are included with a Development and License Agreement
entered into on January 1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty
 the grandson of Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini
 relating to the use of her
recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s.

We
are currently developing new products
 some of which may include:



Pasta
    and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Beef Meatballs
    
Turkey
    Meatloaf

    
    
    

Pasta and Slow
    Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Turkey Meatballs
    
    

    
    
    

Pasta and Slow
    Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Sausage
    
Italian Meatball
    Soup

    
    
    

Chicken
    Marsala
    
Traditional Italian
    Meatballs (Beef
 Pork and Veal) and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce

    
    
    

    
    
    


We
cannot predict if or when any of the foregoing products under development will ever be available to consumers.


    
    




Our
pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic
premium prepared food category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than
those in the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility as we grow our
product line through the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices for 22 oz. packages range from $5.99 to $7.49
and $5.99 to $7.99 for bulk products sold in delis or hot bars. Increases in raw materials costs
 among other factors
 may lead
to us consider price increases in the future.



None
of our raw materials or ingredients are grown or purchased directly by us. We employ one company
 JEFE to order all raw materials
or ingredients
 as well as manufacture approximately 95% of our products to date. JEFE is owned by both the CEO and President
of the Company.

We
are negotiating with several other manufacturers to supplement the services provided by JEFE. We currently purchase modest quantities
from other manufacturers. All of the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable
by our suppliers. We have not experienced any material shortages of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations
and do not anticipate such shortages in the foreseeable future.



As
of January 31
 2015
 our products are carried by approximately 10
800 food retail locations with an average of 3.3 different items
per retail location
 thereby totaling approximately 35
800 product placements on shelves in such retail locations. Our products
are sold in the frozen meat case
 the frozen Italian specialty section
 the fresh meat case
 the deli (in bulk and grab n&rsquo;
go pre-packaged formats) as well as hot bars and sandwich shops in food retailers.

Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their
own warehouses or to large food distributors. Such distributors include
 but are not limited to: URM
 a wholesaler to independent
stores in Oregon and Washington State; Associated Wholesale Grocers
 a wholesaler located in Louisiana; C&amp;S Wholesale Grocers
an east coast distributor to A&amp;P
 Key Food
 Waldbaums and other food retailers; SpartanNash; SuperValue
 which distributes
to Jewel
 Lunds and Byerly&rsquo;s; and Wakefern
 the merchandising and distribution arm of Shop Rite stores.

In
January of 2014 the Company reorganized its sales management with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting business
with almost every major retail supermarket chain in the country. Currently
 all of our full-time employees and Dan Dougherty sell
our products directly to supermarkets and mass retailers. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are currently sold primarily in the Northeast
and Southeast.



The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings
and demonstrations
 in-store merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special
merchandising events with retailers and consumer advertising.


    
    



on Sirius radio in 2012 and added other national radio components such as political talk radio in 2013 that has continued through
the present. The Company ran about 25
000 radio spots in 2014. The Company hopes to expand its radio campaign reach throughout
2015.

In
August 2013
 the Company began an active social media campaign with an emphasis on Facebook. Our Facebook campaign is being managed
by a third party marketing firm and Dan Dougherty. We have gone from 800 &ldquo;likes&rdquo; to over 200
000 &ldquo;likes&rdquo;
in April 2015
 with 2
000 to 3
000 new &ldquo;likes&rdquo; being generated each week. We believe that this demonstrates that our
products are resonating with consumers and that our brand awareness continues to grow.

The
Company has also developed a brand ambassador program for consumer advocates of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Advocates receive coupons
hats
 tote bags and other incentives to promote our brand. In addition
 the Company has an active on-line and traditional paper
couponing activity and employees outside services to deliver coupons to consumers such as Coupons.com
 Ibotta
 Facebook
 newspaper
free standing inserts
 and on pack coupons as well as our web site. Dan Dougherty has been the principal spokesperson for MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and has made appearances or had article features including the Martha Stewart Show
 Entertainment Tonight
 Today Cooking School
New York Times
 Wall Street Journal
 USA Today and People Magazine.

Additionally
in February 2015
 the Company began a major initiative to merchandise its meatballs in a kettle program with 400 customers committed
to the program. Potential customers include
 food service distributors
 supermarket and take out meal programs
 kiosks at high
volume public locations and mass market retailers.


brand awareness
 which includes market studies and analysis of consumer recognition of the MamaMancini&rsquo;s brand
 the Company
believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini&rsquo;s has grown significantly in the past 12 months.

Investments
- Meatball Obsession


 we invested $27
032 for
a 35% interest in Meatball Obsession. Meatball Obsession offers a fast service menu of single-serve
 take-out meatball offerings.
As of January 31
 2015
 we owned 13% of Meatball Obsession. Meatball Obsession has expanded into 4 locations from the first kiosk
that opened in March 2012 in New York City
 and plans to open additional kiosks at universities
 airports
 food courts and other
high pedestrian traffic areas around the United States. Meatball Obsession has signed an exclusive supply agreement with MamaMancini&rsquo;s
whereby Meatball Obsession will sell MamaMancini&rsquo;s branded products as its primary menu selections. One of our directors
Steven Burns
 serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession.



The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged and frozen food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine
from all over the world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that
our competition is much more limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche
market
 there can be no assurances that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. We believe our
principal competitors include Quaker Maid / Philly-Gourmet Meat Company
 Hormel
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
Farm Rich
 Inc.
 Mama Lucia
 and Buona Vita
 Inc.

Intellectual
Property

Our
current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and three trademarks for
&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Meatball Lovers Meatball&rdquo;. The recipes
and use of the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company.

We
rely on a combination of trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also
use technical measures to protect our proprietary rights.


    
    


Royalty
Agreement

In
accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January
1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother&rsquo;s recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50 year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25 year extension
option
 to use and commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License Agreement
 Mr. Dougherty shall
develop a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Mr. Dougherty
shall work with us to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by us
 Mr. Dougherty&rsquo;s
trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products shall be subject
to the Development and License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License Agreement
 we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty
fee on net sales.

Supply
Agreement

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company entered into a five-year agreement with JEFE. JEFE is owned by both the CEO and President of the Company.
Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company granted to JEFE a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s
product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. JEFE in turn granted
to the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement JEFE agreed to manufacture
 package
and store the Company&rsquo;s products. The Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors
or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the
initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination
date. The agreement was automatically renewed in February 2015 and will continue to automatically renew unless notice of termination
is provided in writing by either party nine months prior to expiration.

Under
the terms of the agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in JEFE incurring
increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in JEFE being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials
in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and
shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging
of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse JEFE for any labor costs incurred
in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.

USDA
approval / Regulations

Our
food products
 which are manufactured in third-party facilities
 are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations and
inspection
 and to extensive regulations and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
 packaging and labeling. In order to distribute
and sell our products outside the State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing facilities must meet the standards promulgated
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our third party manufacturers processing facilities and products
are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization
Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to enhance
the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities in which our products
are manufactured are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA.

We
are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory
program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this
program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.


    
    


The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto
 although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and
state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase
the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to
be adversely affected.

Quality
Assurance 

We
take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of
our contract manufacturer
 we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging
and product specifications and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 each of our contract manufacturers is required
to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control
measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards.

Our
current contract manufacturer
 JEFE
 is certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety
and quality management protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food
safety and quality simultaneously. Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service
complies with applicable regulations and standards.

We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
or quality assurance specification packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required.
The quality assurance staff of both our contract manufacturer and our own internal operations department conducts periodic on-site
routine audits of critical ingredient suppliers.

Where
You Can Find More Information

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC.


    
    


Item
1A. Risk Factors.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
are not profitable and may never be profitable.

Since
inception on February 22
 2010 and through January 31
 2015
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has raised approximately $12
050
000 in capital.
During this same period
 we have recorded net accumulated losses totaling $(10
603
761). As of January 31
 2015
 we had working
capital of $2
964
121. MamaMancini&rsquo;s net losses for the two most recent fiscal years ended January 31
 2015 and December
31
 2013 have been $4
060
476 and $2
947
608
 respectively (not inclusive of the one month period ended January 31
 2014). We
expect to incur significant increasing operating losses over the next several years. Negative cash flow from operations is expected
in the foreseeable future. MamaMancini&rsquo;s ability to achieve profitability depends upon many factors
 including its ability
to develop and commercialize products. There can be no assurance that MamaMancini&rsquo;s will ever achieve any significant revenues
or profitable operations.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
has a limited operating history.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
has been in existence for approximately four years. Our limited operating history means that there is a high degree of uncertainty
in our ability to: (i) develop and commercialize our products; (ii) achieve market acceptance of our products; or (iii) respond
to competition. Additionally
 even if we do implement our business plan
 we may not be successful. No assurances can be given
as to exactly when
 if at all
 we will be able to recognize profits high enough to sustain our business. We face all the risks
inherent in a new business
 including the expenses
 difficulties
 complications
 and delays frequently encountered in connection
with conducting operations
 including capital requirements. Given our limited operating history
 we may be unable to effectively
implement our business plan which would result in a loss of your investment.

We
will need additional capital
 which may be difficult to raise as a result of our limited operating history or any number of other
reasons.


Since
inception in 2010 and through January 31
 2015
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has incurred net accumulated losses of $(10
603
761). As of
January 31
 2015 we had working capital of $2
964
121 and stockholders&rsquo; equity of $2
162
616. The Company believes that
it has adequate financing through the end of the current fiscal year to execute its current growth plan
 however
 in the case
that the Company exceeds its expected growth
 we would need to raise additional capital and/or significantly cut expenses and
overhead in order to operate the business through such date. Currently
 we plan to raise additional capital
 but we have no committed
sources of additional capital and our access to capital funding is always uncertain. There is no assurance that additional equity
or debt financing will be available to us when needed
 on acceptable terms or even at all. In the event that we are not able to
secure financing
 we may have to scale back our development plans or cease operations.


    
    


The
majority of our business depends on a limited number of principal customers.

Because
we depend on a limited number of customers for a majority of our sales
 a loss of one of these customers could materially adversely
affect our business and financial condition. Our ten largest accounts represented approximately 86%
 82% and 81% for the year
ended December 31
 2013
 the one month period ended January 31
 2014 and the year ended January 31
 2015. For the year ended January
31
 2015 our three largest customers represented approximately 42% of our sales
 respectively. Our principal customers only continue
to purchase our products if they are able to sell them to their end consumers. We have no long-term contracts with our principal
customers and thus our business would be negatively affected by the failure of our principal customers to purchase our products
on a consistent basis. If these principal customers cease ordering products from us
 our business could be materially adversely
affected.

Competitive
product and pricing pressures in the food industry and the financial condition of customers and suppliers could adversely affect
our ability to gain or maintain market share and/or profitability.

We
currently operate in the highly competitive food industry
 competing with other companies that have varying abilities to withstand
changing market conditions. Any significant change in our relationship with a major customer
 including changes in product prices
sales volume
 or contractual terms may impact financial results. Such changes may result because our competitors may have substantial
financial
 marketing
 and other resources that may change the competitive environment. If we are unable to establish economies
of scale
 marketing expertise
 product innovation
 and category leadership positions to respond to changing market trends
 or
if we are unable to increase prices while maintaining a customer base
 our profitability and volume growth could be impacted in
a materially adverse way. The success of our business depends
 in part
 upon the financial strength and viability of our suppliers
and customers. The financial condition of those suppliers and customers is affected in large part by conditions and events that
are beyond our control. A significant deterioration of their financial condition would adversely affect our financial results.

We
face competition from companies who produce similar frozen products and other prepared foods
 many of whom have longer operating
histories or who have substantially more financial resources.

Many
of our competitors have been in business for a significantly longer period of time than we have and have learned manufacturing
techniques which can aid in efficiently producing their products. Additionally
 many of these companies have successfully acquired
a loyal customer base that would be difficult for us to compete with. Such customers may be unwilling to purchase our products
due to brand loyalty or uncertainty in the highly competitive market in which we compete. In addition
 if we gain traction in
our particular niche of creating gourmet Italian frozen foods
 major food companies with substantial marketing and financial resources
may attempt to compete more directly with us. In the event that such large companies do directly compete with us
 our business
may be adversely affected.

All
of our manufacturing is outsourced to a related party manufacturer which we rely on for a significant amount of our manufacturing
and supply.

Presently
we do not own any manufacturing facilities. Approximately 95% of our manufacturing is outsourced to a food manufacturing facility
in East Rutherford
 New Jersey owned by Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc. (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;). JEFE is a related party entity
owned by our Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Carl Wolf
 and our President
 Mr. Matthew Brown. We have a contract with JEFE that began
on March 1
 2010 and is currently set to expire on February 28
 2016. Under a supply agreement with JEFE
 we have granted JEFE
a revocable license to use our recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of our products.
JEFE in turn has granted us the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement
 JEFE agrees to manufacture
package
 and store our products and we have the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors
or suppliers.&nbsp;

Although
management believes that the contract will continue to be renewed on the same terms of the existing contract
 there can be no
assurances that this will occur. In the event that our contract with JEFE is not renewed
 we would have to seek other suppliers
for our products. However
 we can make no assurance that we will be able to engage other suppliers on satisfactory terms or in
a timely manner. In the event that JEFE ceases operations or stops manufacturing our products
 our inability to secure an alternative
supplier would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Additionally
should we be forced to manufacture our own products
 we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to develop internal manufacturing
capabilities or procure third party suppliers. In the event we seek third party suppliers
 they may require us to purchase a minimum
amount of materials or could require other unfavorable terms. Any such event would materially adversely impact our prospects.
Moreover
 we cannot give any assurance that any alternate contract manufacturers or suppliers that we select will be able to supply
our products in a timely or cost effective manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or our specifications.
Anything that materially adversely impacts JEFE
 including but not limited to labor stoppages
 may have a materially adverse effect
on our business.

We
currently carry a large receivable from our related party manufacturer.

JEFE
 owned by Matthew Brown
and Karen Wolf and by Carl and Marion Wolf
 is also contracted to produce and manufacture food products for the Company. Currently
JEFE serves as our principal food manufacturing company. For the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013
 we paid JEFE
$8
803
541 and $6
190
595
 respectively
 for the manufacturing of products. At January 31
 2015 and 2014
 we had a receivable
in the amount of $2
213
037 and $1
373
036 from JEFE. Should JEFE default under its obligations to pay us our results of operations
would be significantly impacted. The Company has taken measures to make certain that the receivable from JEFE does not increase.
We believe that JEFE will continue to pay down the receivable throughout the current fiscal year.


    
    


Our
operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 U.S. Department of Agriculture
(&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
 Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) and other governmental entities and such regulations are subject
to change from time to time which could impact how we manage our production and sale of products. Federal budget cuts could result
in furloughs for government employees
 including inspectors and reviewers for our supplier&rsquo;s plants and products which could
materially impact our ability to manufacture regulated products.

Our
food products which are manufactured in third-party facilities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA and other
national
 state
 and local authorities. For example
 we are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated
thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
packaging
 and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
its current &ldquo;good manufacturing practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods.
Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients
or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as
&ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the
future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition/
of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our
third party manufacturers processing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities.
In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections
at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted
food products.

The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to
alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the
introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict
our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.

The
need for and effect of product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our business.

If
any of our products become misbranded or adulterated
 we may need to conduct a product recall. The scope of such a recall could
result in significant costs incurred as a result of the recall
 potential destruction of inventory
 and lost sales. Should consumption
of any product cause injury and/or illness
 we also may be liable for monetary damages as a result of one or more product liability
judgments against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could cause a loss of consumer confidence in our
food products and could have a material adverse effect on the value of our brand
 results of operations and prospects.

We
may be subject to significant liability if the consumption of any of our products causes illness or physical harm. 

The
sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury or illness to consumers. Such injuries or illness may
result from inadvertent mislabeling
 tampering or product contamination or spoilage. Under certain circumstances
 we may be required
to recall or withdraw products
 which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if a situation does not necessitate
a recall or market withdrawal
 product liability claims may be asserted against us. If the consumption of any of our products
causes
 or is alleged to have caused
 a health-related illness
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters.
Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness
or physical harm could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential distributors
 retailers and consumers and our
corporate image and brand equity. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by insurance or by any rights
of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall or market
withdrawal could have a material adverse effect on our business
 reputation and operating results.

The
impact of various food safety issues
 environmental
 legal
 tax
 and other regulations and related developments could adversely
affect our sales and profitability.

Our
products are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations regarding the manufacturing
 marketing
 and distribution
of food products
 particularly the USDA
 and state and local agencies. These regulations govern matters such as ingredients
 advertising
taxation
 relations with distributors and retailers
 health and safety matters
 and environmental concerns. The ineffectiveness
of our or our manufacturer&rsquo;s planning and policies with respect to these matters
 and the need to comply with new or revised
laws or regulations with regard to licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 environmental permitting
 or other food
or safety matters
 or new interpretations or enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any related litigation
may have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.

Increases
in the cost and restrictions on the availability of raw materials could adversely affect our financial results.

Our
products include agricultural commodities such as tomatoes
 onions
 and meats and other items such as spices and flour
 as well
as packaging materials such as plastic
 metal
 paper
 fiberboard
 and other materials and inputs such as water
 in order to manufacture
products. The availability or cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation
 crop failures
or shortages due to plant disease or insect and other pest infestation
 weather conditions
 potential impact of climate change
increased demand for biofuels
 or other unforeseen circumstances. To the extent that any of the foregoing or other unknown factors
increase the prices of such commodities or materials and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such
changes in a manner that offsets such changes
 the results of its operations could be materially and adversely affected. Similarly
if supplier arrangements and relationships result in increased and unforeseen expenses
 our financial results could be materially
and adversely impacted.


    
    


Disruption
of our supply chain could adversely affect our business.

Damage
or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
the financial and/or operational instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing and transportation providers
 or brokers
or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. To the extent that we are unable to
 or cannot
financially mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly
when a product is sourced from a single location
 our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected
and additional resources could be required to restore our supply chain.

Higher
energy costs and other factors affecting the cost of producing
 transporting
 and distributing our products could adversely affect
our financial results.

Rising
fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on our cost of operations
 including the manufacture
 transportation
 and
distribution of products. Fuel costs may fluctuate due to a number of factors outside of our control
 including government policy
and regulation and weather conditions. Additionally
 we may be unable to maintain favorable arrangements with respect to the manufacturing
costs of our products as a result of the rise in costs of procuring raw materials and transportation by our manufacturers. This
may result in increased expenses and negatively affect operations.

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results
accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation
and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment
existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed.

We
currently have insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Additionally
 there is a lack of formal process and timeline for closing
the books and records at the end of each reporting period. Such a documented weakness could restrict our ability to timely gather
analyze and report information relative to our financial statements.

Because
of our limited resources
 there are limited controls over our information processing. There is inadequate segregation of duties
consistent with control objectives. Our management is composed of a small number of individuals resulting in a situation where
limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation we would need to hire additional staff. Currently
we are unable to afford to hire additional staff to facilitate greater segregation of duties but will reassess our capabilities
in the following year.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above are the result of the lack of scale of our operations and are intrinsic
to our small size. Nonetheless
 our small size and our current internal control deficiencies may have a material adverse effect
on our ability to accurately and timely report our financial information which
 in turn
 may have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition.

As
a result of our small size and our current internal control deficiencies
 our financial condition
 results of operation and access
to capital may be materially adversely affected.


    
    


Global
economic uncertainties continue to affect consumers&rsquo; purchasing habits and customer financial stability
 which may affect
sales volume and profitability on some of our products and have other impacts that we cannot fully predict.

As
a result of continuing global economic uncertainties
 price-conscious consumers may replace their purchases of our premium and
value-added products with lower-cost alternatives
 which could affect the price and volume of some of these products. The volume
or profitability of our products may be adversely affected if consumers are reluctant to pay a premium for higher quality frozen
foods or if they replace purchases of our products with cheaper alternatives. Additionally
 distributors and retailers may become
more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors and retailers
 to attract
new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable
economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.

We
rely on key personnel and
 if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel
 we may not be able
to grow effectively.

Our
success depends in large part upon the abilities and continued service of our executive officers and other key employees
 particularly
Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Mr. Matthew Brown
 our President. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to retain the services of such officers and employees. Our failure to retain the services of our key personnel
could have a materially adverse effect on our business. In order to support our projected growth
 we will be required to effectively
recruit
 hire
 train and retain additional qualified management personnel. Our inability to attract and retain necessary personnel
could have a materially adverse effect on our business.

Matthew
Brown
 our President
 allocates his time between MamaMancini&rsquo;s and JEFE
 thereby causing potential conflicts of interest
in his determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs
 which could materially adversely affect our business.

Our
President
 Matthew Brown
 is not required to commit his full time to our affairs
 which may result in a conflict of interest in
allocating his time between our operations and those of JEFE. He currently devotes approximately 50% of his time to our Company
and 50% to JEFE. Because Mr. Brown is required to devote such a significant amount of his time to other business affairs
 even
though it may indirectly benefit our Company
 it could significantly impair his ability to devote sufficient time to our affairs
which would have a material adverse impact on our ability to execute our business plan.

The
failure of new product or packaging introductions to gain trade and consumer acceptance and address changes in consumer preferences
could adversely affect our sales.

Our
success is dependent upon anticipating and reacting to changes in consumer preferences
 including health and wellness. There are
inherent marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer
acceptance. Moreover
 success is dependent upon our ability to identify and respond to consumer trends through innovation. We
may be required to increase expenditures for new product development and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in developing
new products or improving upon products already in existence. Additionally
 our new products may not achieve consumer acceptance
and could materially negatively impact sales.

Changes
in our promotional activities may impact
 and may have a disproportionate effect on
 our overall financial condition and results
of operations.

We
offer a variety of sales and promotion incentives to our customers and to consumers
 such as price discounts
 consumer coupons
volume rebates
 cooperative marketing programs
 slotting fees and in-store displays. Our net sales may periodically be influenced
by the introduction and discontinuance of sales and promotion incentives. Reductions in overall sales and promotion incentives
could impact our net sales and affect our results of operations in any particular fiscal quarter.


    
    


We
may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all. 

Our
future success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and improving
placement of our products
 attracting new consumers to our brand and introducing new product lines and product extensions. Our
ability to implement this growth strategy depends
 among other things
 on our ability to:



    
    
enter
    into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third-party retailers and other potential distributors of our products;
    

    
    
    

    
    
continue
    to compete in conventional grocery and mass merchandiser retail channels in addition to the natural and organic channel; 

    
    
    

    
    
secure
    shelf space in key supermarket locations; 

    
    
    

    
    
increase
    our brand awareness; 

    
    
    

    
    
expand
    and maintain brand loyalty; and 

    
    
    

    
    
develop
    new product lines and extensions. 


We
may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategy. Our sales and operating results will be adversely affected if we
fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful.

We
are currently selling products in supermarkets in the United States. If we are unable to expand into mass-market retailers or
sell products in a greater number of supermarkets we will fall short of our projections and our business and financial condition
would be adversely affected.

As
a smaller supplier
 we may not sell in enough bulk in certain stores and as such our products may not be placed in the most ideal
locations to catch the attention of end consumers. If we are unable to gain significant sales growth
 our products may never be
displayed in the most attractive locations in stores and our sales may suffer.

We
may be unable to successfully execute our identified growth strategies or other growth strategies that we determine to pursue.

We
currently have a limited corporate infrastructure. In order to pursue growth strategies
 we will need to continue to build our
infrastructure and operational capabilities. Our ability to do any of these successfully could be affected by any one or more
of the following factors:



    
    
our
    ability to raise substantial amounts of additional capital if needed to fund the implementation of our business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to execute our business strategy;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    ability of our products to achieve market acceptance;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to manage the expansion of our operations and any acquisitions we may make
 which could result in increased costs
    high employee turnover or damage to customer relationships;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to manage our third party relationships effectively; and

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to accurately predict and respond to the rapid market changes in our industry and the evolving demands of the markets
    we serve.


Our
failure to adequately address any one or more of the above factors could have a significant impact on our ability to implement
our business plan and our ability to pursue other opportunities that arise.


    
    


We
may be unable to maintain quality control.

All
of our manufacturing is outsourced. Although we have entered into supply agreements specifying certain minimum acceptable quality
standards
 there is no assurance that our current quality assurance procedures will be able to effectively monitor compliance.
Additionally
 in the event that we expand our operations and increase our output volume
 including securing additional manufacturers
there is no assurance that we will be able to adequately maintain quality controls or that our current manufacturing process is
scalable.

There
may be products liability and other legal claims.

We
are currently a named insured party through the products liability insurance policy of JEFE
 our food manufacturer
 and we also
carry our own product liability insurance policy. Although we believe that the amount of insurance coverage is sufficient for
our operations
 there is no assurance that the coverage will be adequate.

Our
brand and reputation may suffer from real or perceived issues involving the labeling and marketing of our products as &ldquo;natural.&rdquo;


Although
the FDA and USDA have each issued statements regarding the appropriate use of the word &ldquo;natural
&rdquo; there is no single
U.S. government-regulated definition of the term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; for use in the food industry. The resulting uncertainty
has led to consumer confusion
 distrust and legal challenges. Plaintiffs have commenced legal actions against a number of food
companies that market &ldquo;natural&rdquo; products
 asserting false
 misleading and deceptive advertising and labeling claims.
Should we become subject to similar claims
 consumers may avoid purchasing products from us or seek alternatives
 even if the
basis for the claim is unfounded. Adverse publicity about these matters may discourage consumers from buying our products. The
cost of defending against any such claims could be significant. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness
of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Uncertainty
as to the ingredients used in our products
 regardless of the cause
 may have a substantial and adverse effect on our brand and
our business
 results of operations and financial condition.

Virtually
all of our finished goods inventory is located in a single third-party warehouse facility. Any damage or disruption at this facility
would have an adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. 

Virtually
all of our finished goods inventory is located in one warehouse facility owned and operated by a third party. A natural disaster
fire
 power interruption
 work stoppage or other unanticipated catastrophic event at this facility would significantly disrupt
our ability to deliver our products and operate our business. If any material amount of our inventory were damaged
 we would be
unable to meet our contractual obligations and
 as a result
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition would
suffer.

We
may be unable to defend our intellectual property.

Our
business could be adversely affected if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property. Our current intellectual
property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and trademarks. We rely on a combination of trademark
copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use technical measures to protect
our proprietary rights. We may
 however
 not be able to secure significant protection for service marks or trademarks that we
obtain. Our inability to protect our intellectual property from others may impede our brand identity and could lead to consumer
confusion.

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our services and brand.

Our
business is largely based upon our recipes which are trade secrets and are not patentable. We may be unable to keep other companies
from copying our recipes
 or we may be subject to legal actions alleging intellectual property infringement
 unfair competition
or similar claims against us. Companies may have intellectual property rights covering aspects of our technologies or businesses.
Defending ourselves against intellectual property infringement or similar claims would be expensive and would divert management&rsquo;s
attention. Additionally
 there is no assurance that we would be successful in defending ourselves against such claims.


    
    


RISKS
RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES

We
currently have a limited trading volume
 which results in higher price volatility for
 and reduced liquidity of
 our common stock.


Our
shares of common stock have been listed for trading on the OTCQB since 2013. However
 historically there has been limited daily
volume of trading in our common stock on the OTCQB
 which has limited the overall and perceived liquidity of our common stock
on that market.

An
active trading market for our shares may never develop or be sustained. Active trading markets generally result in lower price
volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. The absence of an active trading market increases price volatility
and reduces the liquidity of our common stock. As long as this condition continues
 the sale of a significant number of shares
of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices prevailing immediately before such shares
are offered and
 if an active market for our common stock does not develop
 it may be difficult to sell shares without depressing
the market price for the shares
 or at all. In addition
 in the event that an active trading market does not develop
 the price
of our common stock may not be a reliable indicator of the fair value of our common stock.

Furthermore
if our common stock ceases to be listed on the OTCQB
 holders would find it more difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the market value of
 our common stock
 and the market value of our common stock would likely decline.

You
will experience dilution of your ownership interest because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock and
our preferred stock.

In
the future
 we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities
 resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
consisting of 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.00001 per share and 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value
$0.00001 per share.

We
may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock
in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants
 future acquisitions
 future sales of our securities for capital
raising purposes
 or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock or other
securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be
required to issue additional shares
 warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with hiring or retaining
employees or consultants
 future acquisitions
 future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business
purposes
 including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of our common stock are trading.

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock
 which may be subject to restrictions on marketability
 so you may not be able to sell
your shares.

We
are currently listed on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;
 and are subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the
SEC that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure
requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock
 which in all likelihood would make it difficult
for our shareholders to sell their securities.

Penny
stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny
stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the
secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers
by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities
 which could severely limit the
market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common
stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock.

The
concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions
including a change of control.

Our
directors
 executive officers and each of our stockholders who own greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock
 in the aggregate
beneficially own approximately 50% of the outstanding shares of our common stock
 based on the number of shares outstanding as
of January 31
 2015. These stockholders are able to influence or control matters requiring approval by our stockholders
 including
the election of directors and the approval of mergers
 acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions. They may have interests
that differ from yours and may vote in a manner that is adverse to your interests. This concentration of ownership may have the
effect of deterring
 delaying or preventing a change of control of our company
 could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity
to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our
common stock.


    
    


If
and when a larger trading market for our common stock develops
 the market price of our common stock is still likely to be highly
volatile and subject to wide fluctuations
 and you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the price at which you acquired
them. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number
of factors that are beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to:



    
    
variations
    in our revenue and operating expenses; 

    
    
    

    
    
market
    conditions in our industry and the economy as a whole; 

    
    
    

    
    
actual
    or expected changes in our growth rates or our competitors&rsquo; growth rates; 

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    by the government relating to regulations that govern our industry; 

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of our common stock or other securities by us or in the open market; and 

    
    
    

    
    
changes
    in the market valuations of other comparable companies. 


In
addition
 if the market for food industry stocks or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence
 the trading
price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business
 financial condition or operating results. The trading
price of our shares might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry
 even if these events
do not directly affect us. Each of these factors
 among others
 could harm the value of your investment in our common stock. In
the past
 following periods of volatility in the market
 securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against
companies. Such litigation
 if instituted against us
 could result in substantial costs and diversion of management&rsquo;s attention
and resources
 which could materially and adversely affect our business
 operating results and financial condition.

We
do not expect to pay dividends.

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future
earnings
 if any
 to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

The
declaration
 payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors
 and will depend
upon
 among other things
 the results of our operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and
if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. If the Company does not pay dividends
the Company&rsquo;s common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor&rsquo;s investment will only occur if the
Company&rsquo;s stock price appreciates.

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us
 our business or our market
 or if they change their
recommendations regarding our stock adversely
 our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish
about us
 our business
 our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding
our stock adversely
 or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors
 our stock price would likely decline.
If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose
visibility in the financial markets
 which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently pay an administrative fee of $4
000
per month to JEFE which includes use of office space and telephones
 computers and photocopy and fax use. We utilize approximately
1
000 square feet of office space on a month to month basis. This space is utilized for office purposes and it is our belief that
the space is adequate for our immediate needs. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities. We do not
foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; The following table sets forth (i)
the intra-day high and low sales price per share for our common stock
 as reported on the OTC Market
 &nbsp;for the period of
April 11
 2013 to December 31
 2013
 (ii) the one month period ended January 31
 2014
 and (iii) the high and low bid prices for
our common stock
 as reported by the OTC Market
 for the period of February 1
 2014 through January 31
 2015. The quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.



Fiscal Year Ended January
    31
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Period
    Ended January 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    

January
    1 through January 31
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




Fiscal Year Ended December
    31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


(b)
Holders

As
of April 30
 2015
 a total of 26
085
916 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are currently outstanding held by approximately
112 shareholders of record. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name
of broker-dealers or other nominees.


    
    


(c)
Dividends

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business. Therefore
 we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. There
are no restrictions on our present ability to pay dividends to stockholders of our common stock
 other than those prescribed by
Nevada law.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more
information on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 5
 2013.

Rule
10B-18 Transactions

During
the fiscal year ended January 31
 2015
 there were no repurchases of the Company&rsquo;s common stock by the Company.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of unregistered securities not already reported on the Company&rsquo;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q or on a Current
Report on Form 8-K.&nbsp;

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

Plan
of Operation 

The
Company plans to sell more of its products into new and existing food retail outlets. The Company has undertaken a national radio
campaign on Sirius XM channels for a substantial portion of this year. Social media activity has increased with Facebook
 Twitter
Pinterest
 YouTube
 newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and helpful consumer content and special projects including a recipe bank of videos
and MamaMancini&rsquo;s contest and giveaways. Increased consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack
couponing
 mail-in rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising has commenced to increase sales to existing customers
and new customers.

We
believe that the ongoing introduction of the Company&rsquo;s new all natural brand Slow Cooked Italian Sauce and various meatball
and entr&eacute;e products show great promise for additional product placements and sales in 2015 and thereafter. These products
include Five Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
 Chicken Parmigiana Style Stuffed Meatballs
 Chicken Florentine Stuffed Meatballs
Gluten Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs
 Antibiotic Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs and Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&reg;. This line is available
in bulk food service pack
 retail packages in fresh and frozen varieties
 and club store pack in fresh varieties. Additionally
the Company plans to continue expansion into various new retailers with placement of its existing product line of Beef
 Turkey
Pork and Chicken Meatballs and Sauce
 as well as Marinara and Italian Sauce with beef flavors.


    
    


The
Company has key sales personnel and a sales network of paid broker representatives. Management continues to solicit all major
supermarket retailers
 club stores and mass-market accounts. Additionally
 the Company has begun an effort to develop presentations
to major entities in the sandwich
 burger
 and Italian sub quick-serve industry through a branded kettle program which the Company
launched in February 2015. The Company is also soliciting business in Canada and Mexico.

The
Company owns 13% of the common equity of Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;Meatball Obsession&rdquo;) and is its exclusive supplier
of meatballs. Meatball Obsession offers a fast service menu of single serve
 take-out meatball offerings. At present
 Meatball
Obsession has 4 locations. However
 there is no guarantee that Meatball Obsession will perform up to its expectations or be able
to open any additional units in the future.


The
Company currently has supply agreement with JEFE
 a related party
 which is set to expire on February 28
 2016. This agreement
automatically renews for periods of one year unless otherwise terminated by nine months prior written notice. JEFE is owned by
the CEO and President of the Company.

JEFE
increased its manufacturing capacity in 2014 to meet the anticipated increased demand of the Company. Additions of high-speed
equipment and new production order flow have occurred. As sales increase
 the Company expects that its packaging costs will decrease
as it purchases longer runs of material and supplies but cannot guarantee that such packaging costs will decrease with the purchase
of such materials or at all. The Company also expects that the labor costs component of the cost of goods sold will decrease in
the later part of the year with higher speed equipment and order flow but cannot guarantee any such decrease in the labor costs.

The
Company expects to have an operating loss in fiscal year 2016 due to the investment in developing new and expanded existing business.
These investments include slot fees to gain initial distribution
 special marketing demo events to induce trial
 major promotional
campaigns for initial trial customers
 short runs on new products
 rising raw materials costs
 sample expenses
 market research
design and label costs
 product development costs
 and the cost of additional personnel or fee based marketing and sales support
while this business is developing.

We
believe that MamaMancini&rsquo;s products have the ability to expand sales and deliver more products within several areas of consumption
by consumers such as frozen Italian specialties
 frozen meat
 fresh meat
 prepared foods
 hot bars
 cold bars in delis
 and sandwich
sections of supermarkets and other food retailers. In addition
 we believe that MamaMancini&rsquo;s products can be sold into
food service channels
 mass market
 and exported or as a component of other products.

Results
of Operations for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013


The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013:



    
Years
    Ended *

    
January
    31
 2015 
December
    31
 2013 

    
    
    

    
12
339
256
8
741
621

    
3
535
716
2
551
026

    
(7
285
906
(5
489
994

    
(310
286
(8
640

    
(4
060
476
(2
947
608



 2014



    
Slotting
    fees are required in new placements with some
 but not a majority of supermarket chains that the Company does business with.
    They are negotiated with each chain depending upon the expected return to the Company. We believe that we have successfully
    negotiated such slotting fees to a relatively low expense. We have taken into account future fees currently being negotiated
    in preliminary negotiations for new placements. We do not believe our size or financial limitations are an impediment to being
    able to pay such slotting fees. Slotting fee costs are an expense in growing the business as are other marketing and sales
    costs and the Company has accounted for these fees in assessing its estimated working capital for the next 12 months.




    
    


For
the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013
 the Company reported a net loss of $(4
060
476) and $(2
947
608)
 respectively.
The change in net loss between the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 was primarily attributable to following significant
events:



    
The
    Company commenced operations during 2010 and has experienced significant growth in sales for the comparable periods. The Company
    has sold into approximately 37
000 retail and grocery locations at January 31
 2015 as compared to approximately 22
600 at
    December 31
 2013. The Company has reinvested proceeds to further develop brand awareness.

    
    

    
Advertising
    social media and promotional expense increased by $664
000 which does not include marketing and social media costs as discussed
    below and in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

    
    

    
Stock-based
                                         compensation expense increased by $103
400.


    
    

    
Research
                                         and development costs increased by $81
500.


    
    

    
Commission
    expenses increased by $101
000.

    
    

    
Postage
                                         and freight increased by $265
800.


    
    

    
Depreciation
    expense increased $136
200.

    
    

    
Marketing
                                         research increased by $80
000.


    
    

    
Royalty
    expenses increased by $81
800.

    
    

    
Professional
    fees increased by $489
400.

    
    

    
Insurance
    expense increased by $17
300.

    
    

    
Trade
                                         show and travel expenses decreased by $63
900.


    
    

    
Payroll
    and related expenses decreased by $184
100.




    
    


Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 41% to $12
339
256 during the year ended January 31
2015
 from $8
741
621 during the year ended December 31
 2013. The increase in sales is primarily related to the Company executing
on their expansion strategy. The Company has sold into approximately 37
000 retail and grocery locations at January 31
 2015 as
compared to approximately 22
600 at December 31
 2013.

Gross
Profit:
 2015 and December 31
 2013.

Operating
Expenses:
 2015
 as compared to the year ended December
31
 2013. The $1
795
912 increase in operating expenses is primarily attributable to the following approximate increases in operating
expenses:



    
    
Stock-based
                                         compensation of $103
400 expensed during the period;


    
    
    

    
    
Advertising
    social media and promotional expenses of $664
000 related to an increase in spending on our new radio advertising campaign
    and special promotions which does not include marketing and social media costs as discussed below and in Note 2 to the condensed
    consolidated financial statements;

    
    
    

    
    
Commission
    expenses of $101
000 related to increased sales;

    
    
    

    
    
Postage
    and freight of $265
800 due to higher sales slightly offset by some customers picking up their product in lieu of having it
    shipped to them;

    
    
    

    
    
Depreciation
    expense of $136
200 due to new fixed asset purchases during the period; 

    
    
    

    
    
Marketing
    research increased by $80
000 due to the Company electing to spend more on market research and social media
 which primarily
    consisted of four marketing research projects to develop new products; and

    
    
    

    
    
Royalty
    expenses increased by $81
800 due to the increase in sales;

    
    
    

    
    
Professional
    fees increased by $489
400 due to fees to an investment banker and financial consultants related to equity raises;

    
    
    

    
    
Research
                                         and development costs increased by $81
500 due to the Company expanding its line of products.





    
    


These
expense increases were offset by decreases in the following expenses:



    
Trade
    show and travel expenses of $63
900 related to the members of the Company traveling and attending less trade shows; and

    
    

    
Payroll
    and related expense of $184
100 as compensation to a reduction in executive sales personnel.


Other
Expense:
646 to $310
286 for the year ended January 31
 2015 as compared to $8
640 during
the year ended December 31
 2013. For the year ended January 31
 2015
 other expenses consisted of $163
136 in interest expense
incurred on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit with FGI
 the line of credit and term loan with EGC and the convertible note with
Manatuck Hill. The Company also recorded $46
197 of amortization expense of the debt discount for the Manatuck note. In addition
the Company recorded $100
953 of amortization expense related to the closing costs incurred in conjunction with the finance arrangements
during the year. For the year ended December 31
 2013
 other expenses consisted of $8
640 in interest expense incurred on the
Company&rsquo;s previous line of credit. This line of credit was repaid and cancelled on September 9
 2013.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at January 31
 2015 compared to January 31
 2014:



    
Period
    Ended 
    

    
January
    31
 2015 
January
    31
 2014 
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
709
655
4
244
648
1
465
007

    
2
745
534
818
001
1
927
533

    
2
964
121
3
426
647
(462
526


As
of January 31
 2015
 we had working capital of $2
964
121 as compared to working capital of $3
426
647 as of January 31
 2014
a decrease of $462
526. The decrease in working capital is primarily attributable to an increase in accounts receivable
 inventory
and deposit with related party manufacturer in addition to increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in the outstanding
line of credit balance. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company raised net proceeds of the $1
180
003 from the sale
of 1
620
001 shares of common stock and received proceeds of $100
000 for common stock subscribed.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 was $5
007
364 and $3
821
598
 respectively.
The net loss for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 was $4
060
476 and $2
947
608 respectively.

Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended January 31
 2015 was $316
831 as compared to $1
172
522 for the year
ended December 31
 2013. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company paid approximately $44
997 to acquire new machinery
and equipment. In addition
 the Company paid approximately $271
834 for improvements to the JEFE facility which have been capitalized
and depreciated over the estimated life of the supply agreement. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company paid $877
522
for machinery and equipment
 $295
000 for the acquisition of a company and $30
000 for a loan to a related party.


    
    



Net
cash provided by all financing activities for the year ended January 31
 2015 was $4
637
550 as compared to $4
727
894 for the
year ended December 31
 2013. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company raised net proceeds of $1
180
003 from the sale
of 1
620
001 shares of common stock and $100
000 for common stock subscribed. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company
had net borrowings of $1
186
394
 $600
000 and $2
000
000 for transactions pursuant to the line of credit
 term loan and convertible
note agreements
 respectively. These increases were offset by $174
211
 $214
636
 and $40
000 paid for stock issuance costs
 debt
issuance costs
 and repayments on a term loan
 respectively. During the year ended December 31
 2013 the Company raised net proceeds
of the $5
000
000 from the sale of common stock and $800
000 for common stock subscribed. These increases were offset by $872
106
and $200
000 paid for stock issuance costs and repayments on a line of credit
 respectively.

The
Company believes that our existing available cash along with estimated net proceeds from the issuance of securities during January
2014 and the year ended January 31
 2015 in addition to the line of credit and convertible note entered into in October 2014 and
December 2014
 respectively
 will enable the Company to meet the working capital requirements through the end of the current fiscal
year
 however
 in the case that the Company exceeds its expected growth
 we would need to raise additional capital and/or cut
expenses and overhead in order to operate the business through such date. Currently
 we plan to raise additional capital
 but
we have no committed sources of additional capital and our access to capital funding is always uncertain. There is no assurance
that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us when needed
 on acceptable terms or even at all. The estimated
working capital requirement for the next 12 months is approximately $2
000
000 which equates to an estimated burn rate of $167
000
per month. The Company continues to explore potential expansion opportunities in the industry in order to boost sales while leveraging
distribution systems to consolidate lower costs.

As
reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operations of
$4
060
476 and $5
007
364
 respectively
 for the year ended January 31
 2015.

The
ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on Management&rsquo;s plans
 which include the raising of capital
through debt and/or equity markets with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 including term notes
until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to
incur additional liabilities with certain related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.

The
Company may require additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve
its strategic objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
if at all. In that event
 the Company would be required to change its growth strategy and seek funding on that basis
 though there
is no guarantee it will be able to do so.

During
the month ended January 31
 2014 and the year ended January 31
 2015
 Management raised capital through debt and equity financings.
The Company intends to utilize the capital in order to further advertise and market the Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in
penetrating additional distribution channels.



    
    


Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-22 which appear at the end of this Annual Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31
 2015.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


    
    


(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2015
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 it had material weaknesses
in its internal control procedures.

As
of period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small
number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation
we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not feasible to hire additional
staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether
improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.


    
    


Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.

We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    

    
We
    will update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting
    processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2015 assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.

Subsequent
to January 31
 2015
 we have undertaken the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.

    
    
    

    
    
Added
    additional accounting staff to further segregate duties and help the Company maintain timely reporting of financial results.


Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of September 18
 2014.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
President and
    Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Carl
Wolf

 has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of companies in the food industry. Mr. Wolf
has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present.
Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company with
over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy
component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publically traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay a publically traded direct seller of spoken word through its
audio book club and old time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from 2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh.

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown

 has over 19 years of experience in the sales and marketing of products in the food industry. Beginning in February
2010 through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served
as the President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business.
He previously worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous
aspects of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.


    
    


Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Lewis
Ochs

 has over 40 years of experience in the financial and accounting industry. From February 2010 through the present
he has served as the Executive Vice President of Finance for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Effective September 5
 2014 Mr. Ochs was named
our Chief Financial Officer. Additionally
 beginning in January 2003 and still presently
 he serves as the CFO of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres
Unlimited
 overseeing all of the financial aspects of the company. From 1979 through 1991
 he also was an owner of Captive Plastics
Inc.
 a large molding manufacturer
 directly contributing to the overseeing of over 500 union and non-union employees. At various
times in his career he also acted as an independent consultant utilizing his financial skills including forensic accounting
 restructuring
of businesses
 and as a field examiner for lending institutions.

Mr.
Ochs received his B.S. in Accounting from the University of Akron in 1970.

In
evaluating Mr. Ochs&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in finance and accounting
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Steven
Burns

 has over 20 years of experience in the management and operations of various companies. Mr. Burns has served
as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Additionally
 beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works
as the President and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to day operations of the company
 which primarily
deal with investments and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality and healthy food services
and healthcare technology. Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he
led the U.S. Health Insurance Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial
committees and boards of directors throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino

 has over 34 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution
companies. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning
in March 2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services
the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February
2001 as Vice-President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from
February 1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket
Enterprises.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto

 has over 32 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution companies.
Mr. Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day to day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.


    
    


Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Dan
Altobello
 
 has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s since 2012. Since October 2000
 Mr. Altobello
 Chairman
of Altobello Family LP
 has been a private investor and active board member of several companies. From September 1995 until October
2000
 Mr. Altobello was the Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc.
 the parent of Caterair International
 Inc. and LSG/SKY Chefs.
He is a current member of the boards of directors of DiamondRock Hospitality Company
 a publicly-traded hotel REIT
 Northstar
Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
 a private company that intends to qualify as a REIT
 Mesa Air Group
 Inc. and Arlington Asset Investment
Corp 
 a principal investment firm that acquires and holds mortgage-related and other assets. From 2004 to December 2010
 he served
as a member of the board of JER Investors Trust
 Inc.
 a specialty finance company. Mr. Altobello serves on the advisory board
of Thayer | Hidden Creek
 a private equity firm. Mr. Altobello is also a trustee of Loyola Foundation
 Inc.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Altobello&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the areas of specialty finance. He also has experience in the area of food service distribution
 due
to his past position as Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc. His past and present service on multiple public and private company
boards
 including his service on the audit committee of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Northstar Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
provides him with comprehensive experience in the area of corporate governance that can be extremely valuable to Board and Company
operations.

Mr.
Altobello
 received his B.A. from Georgetown University in June 1963 and his M.B.A. from Loyola University Maryland in June 1978.

Dean
Janeway

 has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s since 2012. Mr. Janeway is an executive with more than 40
years of broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational
oversight and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the
largest retailer-owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions
of increasing responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions.
From 1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
whole sale wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and
his proven track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.


    
    


Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our President
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee&rsquo;s charter are posted on our website
 www.mamamancini&rsquo;s.com. Our board
of directors may from time to time establish other committees.

Audit
Committee 

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits
and financial statements of the Company. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s primary duties and responsibilities are to:



    
    
Monitor
    the integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance
 accounting
    and legal compliance.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    the independence and performance of the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors and the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel.

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    an avenue of communication among the independent auditors
 management
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel
 and the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Appoint
    and provide oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Discuss
    the scope of the independent auditors&rsquo; examination.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the financial statements and the independent auditors&rsquo; report.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

    
    
    

    
    
Solicit
    recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Resolve
    any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting.

    
    
    

    
    
Prepare
    the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
 as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
    &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    other related tasks as requested by the Board.


The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities
 and it has direct
access to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain
 at the Company&rsquo;s
expense
 special legal
 accounting
 or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties.

Our
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Burns
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Altobello. Mr. Toto serves as the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr.
Burns is our Audit Committee financial expert as currently defined under applicable SEC rules.


    
    


Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required under
the corporate governance rules of NYSE MKT
 including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board
the Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee&rsquo;s
actions shall generally be related to overall considerations
 policies and strategies.

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee:


Review
                                         the competitiveness of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation programs to ensure
                                         (a) the attraction and retention of corporate officers
 (b) the motivation of corporate
                                         officers to achieve the Company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (c) the alignment of
                                         the interests of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.



Review
                                         and determine the annual salary
 bonus
 stock options
 other equity-based incentives
                                         and other benefits
 direct and indirect
 of the Company&rsquo;s executive officers
 including
                                         development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term incentives
                                         while focusing on long-term stockholder interests.



Determine
                                         salary increases and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President
                                         and all other executive officers of the Company.



Review
                                         and approve corporate goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive
                                         plans.



Review
                                         and approve benefit plans
 including equity incentive plans
 and approval of individual
                                         grants and awards.



Review
                                         and approve employment or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman
                                         of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the other executive officers of the Company.



Review
                                         and discuss with management the Company&rsquo;s CD&amp;A and recommend to the Board that
                                         the CD&amp;A be included in the annual report on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in
                                         accordance with applicable SEC rules.



If
                                         required by SEC rules
 provide a Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation
                                         to be included in the Company&rsquo;s annual proxy statement in accordance with applicable
                                         SEC rules.



Perform
                                         an annual evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President
                                         and the other executive officers.



Perform
                                         an annual review of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes
                                         thereto to the Board when appropriate.



Plan
                                         for executive development and succession.



Review
                                         and approve all equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto
 subject to any
                                         stockholder approval under the listing standards of NYSE MKT.



Recommend
                                         an appropriate method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated
                                         by stockholders to the Committee and
 as the Committee deems appropriate
 to respond
                                         to such stockholder concerns.



Perform
                                         such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under
                                         the terms of any executive compensation plan
 incentive compensation plan or equity-based
                                         plan.



Review
                                         risks related to the Company&rsquo;s compensation policies and practices and review and
                                         discuss
 at least annually
 the relationship between the Company&rsquo;s risk management
                                         policies and practices
 corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices.

Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 and Mr. Dean Janeway. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino serves as the Chairman of
our Compensation Committee.


    
    


Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which
are required under the corporate governance rules of NYSE MKT
 including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are
qualified to become directors of the Company
 consistent with criteria approved by the Board
 and make recommendations to the
Board of nominees
 including Stockholder Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders)
to serve as a directors of the Company. To fulfill its purpose
 the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee are as follows:


Evaluate
                                         in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
                                         the current composition
 size
 role and functions of the Board and its committees to
                                         oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner consistent with
                                         the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and make recommendations to the
                                         Board for approval.



Determine
                                         in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 director selection criteria consistent
                                         with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and conduct searches for prospective
                                         directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria.



Assist
                                         in identifying
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board.



Evaluate
                                         in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 nominees
 including nominees
                                         nominated by stockholders in accordance with the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
                                         and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on the Board.



Before
                                         recommending an incumbent
 replacement or additional director
 review his or her qualifications
                                         including capability
 availability to serve
 conflicts of interest
 and other relevant
                                         factors.



Evaluate
                                         in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 and make recommendations to the
                                         Board concerning the appointment of directors to Board committees and the selection of
                                         the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
                                         Corporate Governance Guidelines.



Determine
                                         the methods and execution of the annual evaluations of the Board&rsquo;s and each Board
                                         committee&rsquo;s effectiveness and support the annual performance evaluation process.



Evaluate
                                         and make recommendations to the Board regarding director retirements
 director renominations
                                         and directors&rsquo; changes in circumstances in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s
                                         Corporate Governance Guidelines.



Review
                                         and make recommendations to the Board regarding policies relating to directors&rsquo;
                                         compensation
 consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.



As
                                         set forth herein
 monitor compliance with
 and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations
                                         to the Board regarding
 the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines and overall
                                         corporate governance of the Company.



Assist
                                         the Board and the Company&rsquo;s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation
                                         of the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.



Develop
                                         and implement continuing education programs for all directors
 including orientation
                                         and training programs for new directors.



Annually
                                         evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee&rsquo;s performance
                                         and adequacy of this Charter.



Review
                                         the Code of Ethics periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board
 if appropriate.



Review
                                         requests from outside the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company&rsquo;s
                                         Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and recommend to the Board whether a particular waiver
                                         should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted.



Oversee
                                         Committee membership and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board.



Review
                                         and recommend changes in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees
 and (ii)
                                         Committee reporting to the Board.



Make
                                         recommendations annually to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate
                                         Governance Guidelines.



Review
                                         and make recommendations to the Board regarding the position the Company should take
                                         with respect to any proposals submitted by stockholders for approval at any annual or
                                         special meeting of stockholders.



Regularly
                                         report on Committee activities and recommendations to the Board.



Perform
                                         any other activities consistent with this Charter
 the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of
                                         Incorporation and Bylaws
 as amended from time to time
 the NYSE MKT company guide
 and
                                         any governing law
 as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to the Committee.

Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Ccommittee consists of Mr. Janeway and Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 with Mr. Janeway serving as the Chairman.


    
    


Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 were timely.

Code
of Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.


    
    


Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the year ended January 31
 2015
 the one month period ended January 31
 2014
 and the year ended December 31
2013.



Name
    and
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
All
    Other
    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
167
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

167

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lewis Ochs(3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000



*Denotes
the one month period ended January 31
 2014



    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation
    from MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. for the 2013 fiscal year.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation from
    MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. for the 2013 fiscal year.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Ochs was appointed as Vice President of Finance of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation
    from MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. for the 2013 fiscal year. Effective September 5
 2014 Mr. Ochs was named our Chief Financial
    Officer.

    
    

    
Represents
    45
000 options granted on April 26
 2013.

    
    

    
The
    compensation for the 2014 fiscal year reflects the one month period from January 1
 2014 through January 31
 2014.



    
    


2015
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END

STOCK
AWARDS



Name
    (a)
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf Chief Executive Officer(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Ochs 
    
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown President(2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns Director(3)
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino Director(4)
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto Director(5)
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Altobello Director(6)
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway Director(7)
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Options
    were granted on April 26
 2013 and vesting is as follows: 50% vest immediately upon grant and 50% vest 18 months from the
    grant date.



    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors.
Accordingly
 Mr. Wolf and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those
directors who are considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange receive
compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto
 Mr. Janeway and Mr.
Altobello are to be paid $10
000 per annum for their service as members of the board.

In
the last two years our directors have twice been granted stock options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock at an exercise of $1.00 (&ldquo;Option Grant 1&rdquo;) and $2.95 (&ldquo;Option Grant 2&rdquo;)
 respectively. All such
options vested immediately and expire 5 years from the date of grant. There is no formal arrangement with our board of directors
for the granting of options. There is no assurance that the Company will continue to issue options to the board of directors or
on what terms such issuance would occur. Each director that was granted 10
000 options under Option Grant 2 subsequently cancelled
such 10
000 options to purchase common stock on April 23
 2014 in exchange for 8
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

We
also reimburse all of our directors for reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings.

There
was no director compensation for the one month period ended January 31
 2014.

The
following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal year ending on January 31
 2015
the one month ended January 31
 2014 and the year ended December 31
 2013.



Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
All
    Other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chairman of
    the Board
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
7
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
7
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
7
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
167
    
    
    
4
167
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
    
    
7
500
    


*Denotes
the one month period ended January 2014



    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being a
    director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2015 and 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect
    to being a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2015 and 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being a
    director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2015 and 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being
    a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2015 and 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being
    a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2015 and 2013.

    
    

    
The
    fair value of the options granted is obtained by multiplying the number of options granted by their value established according
    to the Black - Scholes pricing model. This value is the same as the fair value established in accordance with generally accepted
    accounting principles. The following assumptions were used for options granted in 2013: expected volatility &ndash; 144%;
    risk-free rate &ndash; 0.68%; forfeiture rate &ndash; 0.00%; expected life &ndash; 2.50 - 3.25 years; dividend yield &ndash;
    0%.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term
of 3 years. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives
written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein.
Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2015. As compensation for his services
Mr. Wolf receives a base salary of $150
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In
addition
 Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject
to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to
receive Termination Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is
terminated in conjunction with the following:



    
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
    

    
    
Termination Payments
    plus 12 months Base Salary

    
    
Termination Payments
    plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

    
    
Termination Payments
    minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Matthew
Brown

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
for an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless
the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated
as set forth herein. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2015. As compensation
for his services
 Mr. Brown receives a base salary of $110
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible
increase. In addition
 Mr. Brown is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown
is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the
event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



    
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
    

    
    
Termination Payments
    plus 12 months Base Salary

    
    
Termination Payments
    plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

    
    
Termination Payments
    minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Lewis
Ochs

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Lewis Ochs as our Vice President of Finance for
a term of 1 year. Mr. Ohcs employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written
notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein. MamaMancini&rsquo;s
has renewed Mr. Ochs Employment Agreement for a period of one year which expires on March 5
 2016. Effective September 5
 2014
Mr. Ochs was named our Chief Financial Officer. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Ochs receives a base salary of $60
000 per
year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Ochs is eligible to receive an annual
bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Ochs is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Ochs is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of
Mr. Ochs&rsquo; Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



    
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
    

    
    
Termination Payments
    plus 12 months Base Salary

    
    
Termination Payments
    plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

    
    
Termination Payments
    minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common
stock as of April 30
 2015
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all
shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.



Name
    of Beneficial Owner(1)
    
    
    

5%
    or Greater Stockholders
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Named
    Executive Officers and Directors
    
    
    

    
5
220

    
    

    
5
220

    
    

    
45

    
    

    
1
042

    
    

    
703

    
    

    
703

    
    

    
34

    
*
                                         

    
    
    
    

    
84

    
    


    persons)
13
055
925

    
    



* denotes
less than 1%



    
    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power
    with respect to securities.

    
    
    

    
    
Figures
    may not add up due to rounding of percentages.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    5
220
922 shares are held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full
    voting control of such shares.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    5
220
922 shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full
    voting control of such shares.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount reflects options to purchase 45
000 common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
1
024
115
    common shares are held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 an S-Corp 100% wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Steven Burns also personally
    owns 10
000 options to purchase common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
Includes
    options to purchase 10
000 common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
Includes
    options to purchase 10
000 common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount reflects options to purchase 10
000 common shares.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount reflects options to purchase 10
000 common shares.




The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred
stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Preferred
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. Currently we have no shares of
preferred stock issued and outstanding.


    
    


Common
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At April 30
 2015
 we have 26
085
916
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide a preemptive
 subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled
to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.



We
have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our
board of directors and depends upon our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 our general economic
conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.



As
of April 30
 2015
 there are 1
027
401 outstanding warrants to purchase our common shares. All of the warrants are exercisable
for a term of five years with 505
400 having an exercise price of $1.00
 508
001 having an exercise price of $1.50 and 14
000
having an exercise price of $2.50.




There
are 496
404 outstanding options to purchase our securities.


OTCQB
 under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.

The
market price of our Common Stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in our quarterly operating results
general trends in the market and other factors
 over many of which we have little or no control. In addition
 broad market fluctuations
as well as general economic
 business and political conditions
 may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock
 regardless
of our actual or projected performance.



As
of April 30
 2015
 we have 26
085
916 shares of our common stock par value
 $0.00001
 issued and outstanding. There are approximately
112 holders of our common stock.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

There
were the following transactions since the beginning of the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 in which the Company was a participant
and the amount involved exceeded $120
000
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:

As
of March 1
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s is under a supply and management agreement with JEFE until February 28
 2015. JEFE is owned
by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf (55%) and by Carl and Marion Wolf (45%)
 all of whom are shareholders of MamaMancini&rsquo;s.
Matthew Brown and Carl Wolf are also both officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. For the years ended January 31
 2015
and December 31
 2013


000
 respectively
 incurred
as other general and administrative expenses between the Company and JEFE. These expenses included insurance
 freight
 travel
and other general and overhead expenses. Such expenses are the result of an informal arrangement between the Company and JEFE
and no written agreement exists relating to the obligations to pay the same.

JEFE
owned by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf and by Carl and Marion Wolf
 as discussed in the preceding paragraph
 is also contracted
to produce and manufacture food products for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Currently
 JEFE serves as our principal food manufacturing company.
For the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013
 we paid JEFE $8
803
541 and $6
190
595
 respectively
 for the manufacturing
of products. At January 31
 2015 and 2014
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s had a receivable in the amount of $2
213
037 and $1
373
036 from
this manufacturer.

Two
or our directors
 Thomas Toto and Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino work for World Wide Sales
 Inc. (&ldquo;World Wide Sales&rdquo;)
 a
perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
is the President of World Wide Sales. Pursuant to an informal arrangement
 the Company has agreed to pay World Wide Sales the
greater of $4
000 or 3% sales commission on net sales (sales less any promotions
 credits
 allowance
 and short pay) to supermarket
chains headquartered in the New York Metropolitan area per month. To date
 World Wide Sales has never been paid in excess of $4
000
in any month.


    
    


Director
Independence

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto
 Mr. Altobello and Mr. Janeway is an
independent director within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 and that each of them
is also an independent director under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition
our board of directors has determined that Mr. Burns is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable
rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

Audit
Fees

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the
fiscal year ended January 31
 2015
 the one month period ended January 31
 2014 and the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 were
$31
890
 $10
880
 and $43
000
 respectively.


Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal year
ended January 31
 2015
 the one month period ended January 31
 2014 and the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 were $3
500
 $0
and $5
750
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax
advice
 and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees
billed for the year ended January 31
 2015
 the one month period ended January 31
 2014 and the fiscal year ended January 31
2015 were $10
000
 $0
 and $5
000
 respectively.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures
    are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures
    do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.


Our
Audit Committee pre-approved all services provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules




Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Acquisition
    and Plan of Merger Agreement dated January 24
 2013 by and among Mascot Properties
 Inc.
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp.
    and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws
    (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws
    of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Supply
    Agreement between MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. and Hors d&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Development
    and License Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
2013
    Incentive Stock and Award Plan of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Non-Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on
    Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013). 

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Employee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form
    8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement
 by and between MamaMancini&rsquo;s and the Subscriber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement
 by and between MamaMancini&rsquo;s and the Subscriber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Sale
    of Accounts and Security Agreement
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).




    
    




    
    
Agreement
    of Guaranty
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    of Guaranty
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 LLC. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    of Guaranty
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    and Security Agreement
 dated September 3
 2014
 by and between the Company and Entrepreneur Growth Capital (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 8
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Promissory
    Note issued in favor of Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 dated September 3
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
    the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 8
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Securities
    Purchase Agreement
 dated December 19
 2014
 by and between the Company and Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 22
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible
    Redeemable Debenture issued in favor of Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 22
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Code
    of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on January 29
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Letter
    by Seale and Beers dated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Consent
    of RRBB*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)).*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)).*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.*

    
    
    

    
    
Letter
    of Resignation from David Dreslin
 dated January 23
 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Investor
    Presentation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
    October 18
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Investor
    Presentation (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
    May 3
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Press
    Release (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
    13
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Audit
    Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on January 29
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Compensation
    Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on January 29
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Nominating
    and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29
 2014).






    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


*
Filed Herewith.


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: May 1
 2015
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer

    
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Lewis Ochs

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer

    
    
(Principal Financial
    Officer)


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    
Chief Executive
    Officer
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
    

 2015

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Brown
    
President
 Director
    

 2015

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lewis Ochs
    
Chief Financial
    Officer
    

 2015

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Burns
    
    
    

 2015

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    

 2015

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    



    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JANUARY
31
 2015 


    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JANUARY
31
 2015 

Table
of Contents



    
    
    

    
    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2015 and January 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations For the Years Ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and for the One Month Ended January 31
    2014
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity For the Period January 1
 2013 through January 31
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and for the One Month Ended January 31
    2014
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



Inc.


balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. as of January 31
 2015 and&ensp;2014
 and the related consolidated statements
of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and
the one month ended January 31
 2014. MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these consolidated
financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc. as of January 31
 2015 and&ensp;2014
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.




 New Jersey

 2015



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets




    
January
    31
 2015
January
    31
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
854
995
1
541
640


 net
2
233
211
1
029
632

    
301
170
159
829

    
107
242
140
511


    party
2
213
037
1
373
036

Total
    current assets
5
709
655
4
244
648

    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
 net 
1
124
745
978
027

    
    
    

Debt
    issuance costs
 net
101
197
46
264

Total
    Assets
6
935
597
5
268
939

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
216
436
595
297

    
1
409
098
222
704

    
120
000
    

Total
    current liabilities
2
745
534
818
001

    
    
    

    
440
000
    


    discount
1
587
447
    

Total
    long-term liabilities
2
027
447
    

    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
4
772
981
818
001

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 20
000
000 shares
    authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares
    authorized; 26
407
376 and 24
187
375 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

    
12
766
116
10
993
973


 $0.00001 par value; 66
667
    and 833
333 shares
 respectively
    
    

    
(10
603
761
(6
543
285

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
2
162
616
4
450
938

    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
6
935
597
5
268
939



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations




    
For
    the Year Ended
For
    the Year Ended
For
    the One Month Ended

    
January
    31
 2015
December
    31
 2013
January
    31
 2014

    
    
    
    

Sales
    - net of slotting fees and discounts
12
339
256
8
741
621
775
252

    
    
    
    

Cost
    of sales
8
803
540
6
190
595
535
870

    
    
    
    

Gross
    profit
3
535
716
2
551
026
239
382

    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    
    

Research
    and development
100
864
19
408
8
477

General
    and administrative
7
185
042
5
470
586
472
023

&nbsp;Total
    operating expenses
7
285
906

5
489
994
480
500

    
    
    
    

Loss
    from operations
3
750
190

(2
938
968
(241
118

    
    
    
    

Other
    expense
    
    
    

Interest
    expense
(310
286
(8
640
(2
526

Total
    other expense
(310
286
(8
640
(2
526

    
    
    
    

Net
    loss 
(4
060
476
(2
947
608
(243
644

    
    
    
    

Net
    loss per common share - basic and diluted
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted
25
487
778
22
012
920
24
187
375


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For
the Period January 1
 2013 through January 31
 2015



    
Common
    Stock
    
Common
    Stock
    
    

    
    
    
Paid
    In Capital
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1
 2013
20
054
000
    
5
804
680
    
(3
352
033
2
452
848

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
333
375
    
4
999
967
    
    
5
000
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 533
333 shares
    
    
799
995
    
    
800
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
(295
008
    
    
(295
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
162
933
    
    
162
933

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
731
894
    
    
731
894

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
604
000
    
    
(1
604
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    
(2
947
608
(2
947
608

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2013
24
187
375
    
10
600
461
    
(6
299
641
4
301
067

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
015
    
    
2
015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
43
666
    
    
43
666

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 300
000 shares
    
    
449
997
    
    
450
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(102
166
    
    
(102
166

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
    
    
    
    
(243
644
(243
644

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 31
 2014
24
187
375
    
10
993
973
    
(6
543
285
4
450
938

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
94
775
    
    
94
775

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
206
981
    
    
206
981

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
136
587
    
    
136
587

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
620
001
    
1
179
995
    
    
1
180
003

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 66
667 shares
    
    
99
999
    
    
100
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(346
192
    
    
(346
192

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
200
000
    
399
998
    
    
400
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    January 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
(4
060
476
(4
060
476

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 31
 2015
26
047
376
    
12
766
116
    
(10
603
761
2
162
616


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
For
    the Year Ended
For
    the One Month Ended

    
January
    31
 2015
December
    31
 2013
January
    31
 2014

    
    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    

    
(4
060
476
(2
947
608
(243
644


    to net cash used in operating activities:
    
    
    

    
170
113
33
891
4
141

    
100
953
    
1
322

    
46
197
    
    

    
94
775
162
933
2
015

    
171
587
    
    

    
    
15
343
    


    liabilities:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
203
579
(600
284
34
217

    
(141
341
(35
709
(47
550

    
33
269
(71
347
(4
986


    party
(840
001
(788
871
(232
009

    
    
    
    


    payable and accrued expenses
621
139
410
054
(227
747

Net
    Cash Used In Operating Activities
(5
007
364
(3
821
598
(714
241

    
    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    

    
(316
831
(877
522
(52
672

    
    
(295
000
    

    
    
(30
000
    

    
    
30
000
    

Net
    Cash Used In Investing Activities
(316
831
(1
172
522
(52
672

    
    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    

    
1
180
003
5
000
000
    

    
(174
211
(872
106
(58
500

    
100
000
800
000
450
000

    
(214
636
    
(47
586


 net
1
186
394
(200
000
222
704

    
600
000
    
    

    
(40
000
    
    


    note
2
000
000
    
    

Net
    Cash Provided By Financing Activities
4
637
550
4
727
894
566
618

    
    
    
    

Net
    Decrease in Cash 
(686
645
(266
226
(200
295

    
    
    
    

Cash
    - Beginning of Period
1
541
640
2
008
161
1
741
935

    
    
    
    

Cash
    - End of Period
854
995
1
741
935
1
541
640

    
    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
132
803
8
640
2
526

    
    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    the form of warrants
171
981
731
894
43
666


    on account
    
83
757
    


    note
400
000
    
    


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
1 - Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation

Nature
of Operations

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada
corporation.

Current
Business of the Company 

The
Company is a manufacturer and distributor of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 and other similar meats and
sauces. The Company&rsquo;s customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and
Southeast
 and Canada.



On
January 24
 2013
 the Company
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 with MamaMancini&rsquo;s surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of MamaMancini&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Shareholders&rdquo;)
 pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Immediately after the Merger
was consummated
 and further to the Agreement
 the majority shareholders and certain affiliates of the Company cancelled a total
of 103
408
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock held by them (the &ldquo;Cancellation&rdquo;). In consideration of the
Cancellation of such common stock
 the Company paid the Majority Shareholder in aggregate of $295
000 and 800
000 shares of common
stock and released the other affiliates from certain liabilities. In addition
 the Company has agreed to spinout to the Majority
Shareholder all assets related to the Company&rsquo;s real estate management business within 30 days after the closing. As a result
of the Merger and the Cancellation
 the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of the Company.

The
consolidated financial statements presented for all periods through and including January 31
 2015 are those of MamaMancini&rsquo;s.
As a result of this Merger
 the equity sections of MamaMancini&rsquo;s for all prior periods presented reflect the recapitalization
described above and are consistent with the January 31
 2015 balance sheet presented for the Company.

Since
the transaction is considered a reverse acquisition and recapitalization
 the presentation of pro-forma financial information
was not required.

Basis
of Presentation

The
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Change
of Year End

Effective
January 13
 2014
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) changed its fiscal year end date to January 31.
The Company&rsquo;s 2014 fiscal year commenced on February 1
 2014 and concludes on January 31
 2015. The Company changed its
year end to be consistent with a significant number of its retail customers that have a fiscal year end on or near January 31.
This allows the Company to more accurately account for accrued discounts and promotions to these retailers. The Company determined
that recasting the prior year comparable period ended January 31
 2014 would not be material.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 the
fair value of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.

Risks
and Uncertainties

The
Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations
are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business
failure.

The
Company has experienced
 and in the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected
to contribute to this variability include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic
conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii)
the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the product.
These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.

Cash


The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2015 or 2014.

The
Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial
institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts
receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require
collateral to support customer receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the
outstanding accounts receivable
 historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if
receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management.
The maximum accounting loss from the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
which is the face amount of the receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
had reserves of $2
000.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements



Inventories
are stated at average cost using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at
January 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
January
    31
 2015 
January
    31
 2014 

    
301
170
159
829


Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.

Asset
lives for financial statement reporting of depreciation are:



Machinery
    and equipment
    
2-7
    years

Furniture and
    fixtures
    
3-5
    years

    
    
3-10
    years


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

For
purpose of this disclosure
 the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s
short term financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Stock
Issuance Costs


Stock
issuance costs are capitalized as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to
equity and netted against proceeds. In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In
the case of an aborted offering
 all costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31
 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were $346
192
 $1
604
000 and $102
166
 respectively. During the
year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company expensed $330
538 of deferred issuance costs related to the aborted offering of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 which are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

Research
and Development

Research
and development is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were $100
864
 $19
408 and $8
477
 respectively.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company records revenue for products when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
(2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related
customer receivable is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products.

The
Company meets these criteria upon shipment.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Expenses
such as slotting fees
 sales discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
Year
    Ended 
January 31
 2015 
Year
    Ended
December 31
 2013 
One
    Month Ended January 31
 2014 

    
12
725
100
9
282
562
796
177


 Discounts
 Allowances
385
844
540
941
20
925

    
12
339
256
8
741
621
775
252


Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales represents costs directly related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. Costs include
product development
 freight
 packaging
 and print production costs.

Advertising


Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating
advertising expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were
$3
104
088
 $2
440
424 and $232
481
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&rdquo;
(&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;) which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation.
It defines a fair value based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts
for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees
in accordance with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction
with Selling Goods or Services&rdquo;.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more
readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally
the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.

For
the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 share-based compensation amounted
to $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681
 respectively. Of the $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681 recorded for the years ended January 31
2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 $171
981
 $731
894 and $43
666 were direct costs of a stock
offering and have been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.

For
the year ended January 31
 2015
 when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements




    
January
    31
 2015
December
    31
 2013
January
    31
 2014

    
0.26%
                                         to 1.67%
0.61%
                                         to 1.01%
    

    
1
                                         to 5 years
1
                                         to 5 years
1
                                         to 5 years

    
189%
                                         to 191%
144%
                                         to 193%
    

    
    
    
    



The
expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting
Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar
instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate
expected term.

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share

Basic
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income
or loss that resulted from the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.

The
Company had the following potential common stock equivalents at January 31
 2015:



    
66
667


 exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50
1
027
401


 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97
496
404

Total
    common stock equivalents
1
683
472


The
Company had the following potential common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
533
333


 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50
892
067


 exercise price of $1.00
428
845

Total
    common stock equivalents
1
854
245


The Company
had the following potential common stock equivalents at January 31
 2014:



    
833
333


 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50
922
067


 exercise price of $1.00
434
177

Total
    common stock equivalents
2
189
577


Since
the Company reflected a net loss during the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January
31
 2014
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted
earnings (loss) per share is not presented.

Income
Taxes

Income
taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo;. A deferred tax asset or liability
is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax
expense (benefit) results from the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Deferred
tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes
in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


by tax authorities for years prior to 2012.



Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
 
in May 2014. The amendments in this Update supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 
including most industry-specific revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
the amendments supersede the cost guidance in Subtopic 605-35

Contracts
 and create new Subtopic 340-40
. In summary
the core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

 (Topic 605): Codification
Amendments
 both of which have been deleted. Accounting Standards Update 2014-09. The amendments in this Update are effectively
for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting
period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014-09 on the consolidated financial statements.

In
June 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-12
 Compensation- Stock Compensation.
The amendments in this update apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of
the award provide that a performance target can be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update
is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-13D&mdash;Compensation&mdash;Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite
Service Period
 which has been deleted. The proposed amendments would apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based
payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period.
This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-13D&mdash;Compensation&mdash;Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could
Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period
 which has been deleted. The amendments in this Update are effective for annual
periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014-12 on the consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014&ndash;15

Statements &ndash; Going Concern. 
whether there is substantial doubt about a company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures.
For each reporting period
 management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about a company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are
issued. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013&ndash;300&mdash;Presentation
of Financial Statements (Topic 205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Going Concern Presumption
 which has
been deleted. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014&ndash;15 on the consolidated financial statements.

In
November 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-16 (ASU 2014-16)

in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity
do not change the current criteria in U.S. GAAP for determining when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid
financial instrument is required. The amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features
 including
the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation
 in evaluating the nature of the host contract. The ASU applies
to all entities that are issuers of
 or investors in
 hybrid financial instruments that are issued in the form of a share and
is effective for public business entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014&ndash;16 on the consolidated
financial statements.

In
March 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest
- Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require
that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance
costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted
for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein
the balance sheet of each individual period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the
new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle.
These disclosures include the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description
of the prior-period information that has been retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement
line items (i.e.
 debt issuance cost asset and the debt liability). The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-03
on the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note
3 - Property and Equipment:

Property
and equipment on January 31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:



    
&nbsp;January
    31
 2015 
January
    31
 2014 

    
1
060
066
1
027
431

    
16
887
4
525

    
274
567
2
733

    
1
351
520
1
034
689

    
226
775
56
662

    
1
124
745
978
027


At
January 31
 2015 and 2014
 fixed assets in the amount of $0 and $826
340
 respectively
 were not in service.

Depreciation
expense charged to income for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
amounted to $170
113
 $33
891 and $4
141
 respectively.

Note
4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

During
2011 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This
investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus
the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.

At
December 31
 2011 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.

The
Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution.

At
January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO was 12.6% and 15.8%
 respectively.


Note
5 - Related Party Transactions

Joseph
Epstein Foods

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company entered into a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &ldquo;Manufacturer&rdquo;) who is
a related party. The Manufacturer is owned by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with
the Manufacturer to determine if the Manufacturer is a variable interest entity as defined by FASB ASC 810 &ldquo;Consolidation&rdquo;.
Based on this analysis
 the Company has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest but the Company is not the primary
beneficiary of the variable interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. Under the terms of the agreement
 the
Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for
the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive
right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the
Company&rsquo;s products and the Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors
or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the
initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination
date.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements


Under
the terms of the agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer
incurring increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging
or shipping materials in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost
for packaging and shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests
any repackaging of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer
for any labor costs incurred in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.

In
addition
 the Company made several unsecured loans to the Manufacturer during the year ended 2013
 the one month period ended
January 31
 2014
 and the year ended January 31
 2015. The loan to the Manufacturer is unsecured
 does not bear interest and is
due on demand.

During
the year ended January 31
 2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company made improvements to the Manufacturer&rsquo;s
facility. The improvements have been capitalized and are being depreciated over the estimated useful life of the supply agreement.

During
the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company purchased substantially
all of its inventory from the Manufacturer.&nbsp;

During
the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Manufacturer incurred expenses
on behalf of the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses.

At January
31
 2015 and 2014 the amount due from the Manufacturer is $2
213
037 and $1
373
036
 respectively.

Meatball
Obsession
 LLC

A
current director of the Company is the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC.

For
the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company generated approximately
$113
600
 $85
500 and $0 in revenues from MO
 respectively.

As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had a
receivable of $6
768 and $1
457 due from MO
 respectively.

Note
6 - Line of Credit

Effective
January 3
 2014
 the Company entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Sale and Security Agreement&rdquo;) with Faunus
Group International
 Inc. (&ldquo;FGI&rdquo;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables
and inventory (the &ldquo;FGI Facility&rdquo;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three year term (the &ldquo;Original
Term&rdquo;) and shall be extended automatically for an additional one year for each succeeding term unless written notice of
termination is given by either party at least sixty days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof. The Company
and certain of its affiliates also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the Sale and
Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Guaranty Agreements&rdquo;). The Company also granted FGI a security interest in and lien upon
all of the Company&rsquo;s right
 title and interest in and to all of its assets (as defined in the Sale and Security Agreement).

Pursuant
to the FGI Facility
 FGI can elect to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&ldquo;Purchased Accounts&rdquo;) up to 70% of the
value of such receivables (retaining a 30% reserve). At FGI&rsquo;s election
 FGI may advance the Company up to 70% of the value
of any Purchased Accounts
 subject to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be
refunded to the Company net of interest and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate
on advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the prime rate.
Any advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility are due on demand.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Company also agreed to pay to FGI monthly collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts.
The minimum monthly net funds employed during each contract year hereof shall be $500
000. Additionally
 the Company paid FGI
a one-time facility fee equal to 1% of the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.

During
the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company terminated its agreement with FGI and paid off all obligations due at the payoff
date. Upon termination
 additional fees and accrued interest of approximately $48
600 were paid and included in the interest expense.

Note
7 - Loan and Security Agreement

On
September 3
 2014
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (&ldquo;Loan and Security Agreement&rdquo;) with Entrepreneur
Growth Capital


100
000. The facility consists of the following:



    
    
2
150
000

    
    
350
000

    
    
600
000


EGC
may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net
amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate
amount not to exceed the Inventory Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement)
in an amount up to 50% of finished goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material.

The
revolving interest rates is equal to the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A.
plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The
term loan bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A.
plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year
period. The Company is required to pay a one-time facility fee equal to 2.25% of the total $3
100
000 facility. In the event of
default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns are secured by all of the
assets of the Company.

On
September 3
 2014
 the Company also entered into a 5 year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&ldquo;EGC Note&rdquo;) with EGC.
The EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of $10
000. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is
payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan
and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the note was $560
000
as of January 31
 2015.

Additionally
in connection with the Loan and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer entered into a Guarantee
Agreement with EGC
 personally guaranteeing all the amounts borrowed on behalf of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement.

Note
8 &ndash; Convertible Note

On
December 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with
Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;) whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck
Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures
in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
restricted common stock. Subsequent to January 31
 2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Optional
conversion to convertible preferred stock is available upon completion of a qualified offering (as defined in the Manatuck Purchase
Agreement) while the Manatuck Debenture is outstanding. Upon conversion of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company shall issue Manatuck
shares of common stock as defined in the Manatuck Purchase Agreement.

Upon
issuance of the debenture
 a debt discount of $458
750 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of
the common shares granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii)
conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the interest method. The amortization of debt discount
is included as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount
of $412
553 as of January 31
 2015.

Note
9 - Concentrations 




During
the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 18%
 13% and 11%
of gross sales. As of January 31
 2015
 the customers represented approximately 23%
 12%
 and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables
respectively.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 18%
 17%
 14%
 and
14% of gross sales. As of December 31
 2013
 the customers represented approximately 16%
 23%
 14% and 4% of total gross outstanding
receivables
 respectively.

During
the one month ended January 31
 2014
 three customers represented 18%
 15% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2014
 the
customers represented approximately 8%
 24%
 and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.


Cost
of Sales


For
the year ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 one vendor (a related party) represented
95% of the Company&rsquo;s purchases.

Note
10 - Stockholders&rsquo; Equity 

(A) Common
Stock Transactions

As
a result of the reverse merger (see Note 1) the Company had a deemed issuance of 800
000 shares of common stock.

From
July 1
 2013 through December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 3
333
375 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $5
000
000
in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock.

During
December 2013
 the Company sold 533
333 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $800
000 in proceeds in connection
with the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The shares were issued in March 2014.

In
connection with the private placement the Company incurred fees of $1
604
000 consisting of $872
106 in cash and 30
000 warrants
with a fair value of $731
894.

During
January 2014
 the Company sold 300
000 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $450
000 in proceeds in connection
with the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The shares were issued in March 2014.

In
connection with the private placement the Company incurred fees of $102
166 consisting of $58
500 in cash and 30
000 warrants
with a fair value of $43
666.

During
March 2014
 the Company sold 236
667 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $355
000 in proceeds in connection with
the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The shares were issued in June 2014.

In
connection with the private placement the Company incurred fees of $80
536 consisting of $46
150 in cash and 23
667 warrants with
a fair value of $34
386.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

During
April 2014
 the Company sold 416
668 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $625
001 in proceeds in connection with
the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The shares were issued in June 2014.

In
connection with the private placement the Company incurred fees of $141
791 consisting of $81
250 in cash and 41
667 warrants
with a fair value of $60
541.

During
May 2014
 the Company sold 133
333 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $200
002 in proceeds in connection with
the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The shares were issued in June 2014.

In
connection with the private placement the Company incurred fees of $82
796 consisting of $26
000 in cash and 17
333 warrants with
a fair value of $56
796.

During
October 2014
 the Company granted 14
000 warrants to a consultant upon termination of the original agreement. The shares were
valued at grant date and the Company recorded $35
000 as share-based compensation on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

In
October 2014
 the Board agreed to amend a previously issued stock option grant awarded to the Board members. Instead of the 50
000
options (10
000 per member)
 the Company issued each member 8
000 shares of restricted stock. The options were originally granted
on April 23
 2014 with a grant date fair value of $136
587. The Company reclassified this amount from stock based compensation
to common stock issued for services on the Consolidated Statements of Equity. The shares were not issued as of January 31
 2015.

On
December 19
 2014
 the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck Debenture&rdquo; as discussed in
Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted
common stock.&nbsp;

Common
Stock Subscribed

During
June 2014
 the Company sold 66
668 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $100
000 in proceeds in connection with
the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The shares were not issued as of January 31
 2015.

In
connection with the private placement the Company incurred fees of $33
258 consisting of $13
000 in cash and 8
667 warrants with
a fair value of $20
258.

(B)
Options

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s option activity:



    
Options
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 1
 2013 
223
404
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 1
 2013 
    
    

    
318
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
541
404
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
428
845
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2014
541
404
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2014
434
177
    

    
59
000
    

    
    
    

    
(104
000
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2015
496
404
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2015
496
404

    



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements



Options
    Outstanding 
Options
    Exercisable

Exercise
    Price 
Number
    Outstanding 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
487
404
    
    
481
404
    

    
9
000
    
    
4
500
    



 2015 and 2014
 the total intrinsic
value of options outstanding and exercisable was $219
332 and $1
082
808
 respectively.


 2015
 the Company has $3
055
in stock-based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted average remaining life of the options
is 2.74 years.

(C)
Warrants

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s warrant activity:



    
    
Weighted
    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 1
 2013 
505
400
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 1
 2013 
    
    

    
386
667
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
892
067
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
892
067
    

    
30
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2014
922
067
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2014
922
067
    

    
203
334
    

    
    
    

    
(98
000
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 31
 2015
1
027
401
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 31
 2015
1
027
401
    




Warrants
    Outstanding
Warrants
    Exercisable

Range
    of 
    
    
Weighted
    
    Remaining 
    
    
    
    Exercise Price
Number
    Exercisable
    
    
    Exercise Price

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
027
401
    
    

027
401
    



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements


 2015
 the
Company terminated a consulting agreement which resulted in the forfeiture of 98
000 warrants which were awarded upon execution
of the original agreement.

At
January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $227
430 and $1
635
801
 respectively.

Note
11 - Commitments and Contingencies

Litigations
Claims and Assessments

From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of
business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe
will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.

Licensing
and Royalty Agreements

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of
the Agreement the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and
other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively
the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee.
Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for
the preparation and production of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and
License Agreement.

The
term of the Agreement (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;) shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period
beginning on each January 1 and ending on each December 31 is referred to herein as an &ldquo;Agreement Year.&rdquo;

The
Exclusive Term began on January 1
 2009 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
unless terminated or extended as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing
to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day
following the end of such Agreement Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least
equal to the minimum royalty (the &ldquo;Minimum Royalty&rdquo;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and
provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the
Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25) years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary
of the Effective Date.

The
Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor
due to a material breach hereof by Licensee that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
or until terminated by Licensee

Either
party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such
material breach within sixty (60) days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach.
The following termination rights are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements



    
    
Termination
    by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor.
    In such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.


Under
the terms of the Agreement the Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:

During
the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &ldquo;Royalty Rate&rdquo;)
multiplied by Company&rsquo;s &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo;. As used herein
 &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo; means gross invoiced sales of Products
directly or indirectly to unrelated third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions
or allowances actually allowed or granted from the billed amount (collectively &ldquo;Discounts&rdquo;); (b) credits
 rebates
and allowances actually granted upon claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
&ldquo;Credits&rdquo;); (c) freight
 postage
 shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges
levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions
for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.

The
Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to
$2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.

In
order to continue the Exclusive term
 the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as
follows:



Agreement
    Year
Minimum
    Royalty to
    
    
    

st
    
    

rd
    
50
000

    
    6
75
000

th
    
100
000

th
    
125
000


The
Company incurred $284
861
 $203
031 and $35
551 of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013
and the one month ended January 31
 2014. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated
Statement of Operations.

Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders

(A)
December 1
 2011

The
Company entered into a Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective December 1
 2011 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan
will act as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best
efforts private placement (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of up to $6 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities
and/or convertible instruments (the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Company upon closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal
consideration
 five year warrants (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock
equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon
conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any
time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price
per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan
shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.

Along
with the above fees
 the Company shall pay up to $40
000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing
 together
with cost of background checks on the officers and directors of the Company.

During
the year ended 2012 the Company paid to Spartan fees of $505
400 and issued Spartan 505
400 five year warrants with an exercise
price of $1.00.

(B)
May 2
 2013

The
Company entered into a second Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective May 2
 2013 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will
act as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts
private placement (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of up to $5 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities and/or
convertible instruments (the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).

The
Company upon closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing and up to 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred
by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year
warrants (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number
of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of
convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year
period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock
paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion
or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the
fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.

The
Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&rsquo;s
satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0mil-$5.0mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement.
On October 29
 2013 the Company entered into an amendment to the Agreement and the $10
000 monthly fee was cancelled.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013 the Company paid to Spartan fees of $650
000 and issued Spartan 333
333 five year warrants with
an exercise price of $1.50.

(C)
October 22
 2013

The
Company entered into a third Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective October 22
 2013 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan
will act
 for a minimum of twenty-four months from the date of the agreement
 as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive financial advisor
and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of
up to $2.5 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Company upon closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by
Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year
warrants (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number
of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of
convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year
period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock
paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion
or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the
fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.

The
Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 for the term of the agreement. Such monthly fee shall survive
any termination of the Agreement.


During
the year ended December 31
 2013 the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $104
000 and issued Spartan 53
333 five year warrants
with an exercise price of $1.50 and a grant date fair value of $731
894.

During
the month ended January 31
 2014 the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $58
500 and issued Spartan 30
000 five year warrants
with an exercise price of $1.50 and a grant date fair value of $43
166.

During
the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $166
400 and issued Spartan 91
333 five year warrants
with an exercise price of $1.50 and a grant date fair value of $171
981.

Operating
Lease

In
January 2015
 the Company began a lease agreement for office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease is for a 39 month term expiring
on March 31
 2019 with annual payments of $18
848.

Total
future minimum payments required under operating lease as of January 31
 2015 are as follows.





    

    
18
848

    
18
848

    
18
848

    
18
848


    
3
141

    
78
533



Note
12 &ndash; Income Tax Provision (Benefit)

The
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following:



    
January
    31
 2015
January
    31
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
376
168
(81
819

State
    and Local
    
    

    
    
    

    
(369
301
(21
825

Change
    in valuation allowance
1
745
469
103
644

Income
    tax provision (benefit)
    
    


The
Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $8.8M and $4.8M at January 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
available to offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code
Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking
a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating
loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $8.8M and $4.8M at January 31
 2015 and
2014
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2034.

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future
generation for taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant
uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation
allowance. For the year ended January 31
 2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the change in the valuation allowance
was $1
745
469 and $103
644.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain
positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position
must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to
as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo; A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of
tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation
to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.

If
applicable
 interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other
expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo; in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General
and administrative.&rdquo;

No
interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the year ended January 31
 2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
respectively. As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company
does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.

The
Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



Deferred
    Tax Assets
Year
    Ended January 31
 2015
One
    Month Ended January 31
 2014

    
    
    

    
3
855
903
2
044
894

    
    
    

    
3
855
903
2
044
894

    
(3
754
914
(2
009
445


 net of valuation allowance
100
989
35
449

    
    
    

Deferred
    Tax Liabilities
    
    

    
(100
989
(35
449

    
(100
989
(35
449

Net
    deferred tax asset (liability)
    
    


The
expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
Year
    Ended January 31
 2015 
One
    Month Ended January 31
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
-
                                         
-
                                         



    
    













     




Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K being filed;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by the Report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in the Report
 fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented
    in the Report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    small business issuer&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
    controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made
    known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the small business issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
    conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
    report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
    the small business issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the
    case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
    financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
    issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Executive
    Officer

    
    
Mama Mancini&rsquo;s
    Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    

 2015




    
    















     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Lewis Ochs
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K being filed;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by the Report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in the Report
 fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented
    in the Report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    small business issuer&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
    controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made
    known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the small business issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
    conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
    report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
    the small business issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the
    case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
    financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
    issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
/s/
    Lewis Ochs

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer

    
    
    

    
    

 2015




    
    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 


In
connection with this Annual Report of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended January 31
 2015
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Carl Wolf
 Principal
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the one month ended January 31
 2015
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
    or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The
    information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31
 2015
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date:
    May 1
 2015
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Executive
    Officer



    
    













     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period
ending January 31
 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
Lewis Ochs
 Principal Accounting Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
    of the Company.




Date:
    May 1
 2015
    
/s/
    Lewis Ochs

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer



    
    












begin 644 image1.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!2
RHI9C@

A60X$T

?X4Y&W*#W(SB
MG59)$86[32?I_A2%I8N7'F)W*CD?AWJ:B@!%8



_S




+6K_G
+_ASK*:].V@V9.GS$2..
M7:%?N<'\QZ9KD]1\.^)],C7UE?)5VC!+H%ZXXS@9[5](MJ=FMRUNTP$B,%
M8$'`)&[D].@J3[3:R\:%_8.#VS67)V9WPQDXI<T;GRO]JN'G!GNI@X;)9W)


M13@.BN&XX!!SZ4%H1N*ZO-RI7_5L
CK@\^O;UKV%_!7@I4\PVT2Q[VCW9?`9







_
%/(]Z@LO`\%
MD]E)]K$SVULMMF6!6W*C%D8?W7&3R/RI6EV&Y4K:-_TO\Q9=3\.Z:%BML%I+
MA+)U5RI0N


MOG]:YN9?TSK_`+.\W]W_``3U[PGXF@\3Z4UPNQ;B%S'.BG(##N#W4]16BVL:


M58%;??M7IM_`@_SKOISYHG@8BDH5&EL=\\JS6S

M`JF

PHHHH`****8!1112`*XCXAQ1S^$(XI




XZ?Z
MPC8HX!R
DCN


M:F^)81;FUMP[JA=B'DC*$KQS@U6AB@:SE
;3^4A`


C
VP=JTDDMXT$:_*J=
=ZBM
KIQN

G%-WEH^@4HQ@N:RNRW#J`@G66
L)8FW)(AP5([UV.C

KN/5

M_GY^'_!)_%
D=ZT(D5R/F$8:4NR#CH:YV35I;*U:P#%58Y.3U]Z8TC/*2V7.

8V5I:E4J7+3Y8O57U[E_3]/NKTB[N7*1;1M4

MRN]#U:5.DH\J2;MU(VF
%M';JBA`O`(XK
GB\O
W
M7]/6N?ZI43YE+[T_T*]JMK?BCPV*#4-

MN2-+HF.$9![D]N:]JGUG583


:'I[A5.8=V$

?F*[2R\$W
\:


P_\`O/7_0MO\`Q[_&C_A7GA'_`*`5M_X]





MU.WS33RN6+M[9/`]!6W116R5E9'GRD

MVLW1C!;-$\0#$$&
@ISWP0*`
*]\7A-3TB.S2.2RN5\VZG?/[I&1V0#'\1V
M2#V'O4EOXXTZZ

K9P1AL+@*2=Q!`ZU?C\

M[[)OLFE7`



5
$=+1,9NF
ME78(YWN7:2()G:$8G(')^N3G-`&9-XUDDNE2ULS&H<12)=+M=7%Q'$PX)&,.
M2#]*WM)UN+5VG$-O/$L+E9=H)()'W02R]/X@.*JP^$-(AZ13.V\R%I)V9F8

I110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!_]D_
`
end








begin 644 image2.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!3))!&H.




G]^7_OZ

`HHHI`%0?\OW_;+^M3U!_R_?\`;+^M`%37=9M=



#D?RKP*VUB^\.W'V)K
L+6='='!P7C8_
#C



VUMRL6'4C.


WVRW`CN5

M1\$^%M17SKG3;5=^

M@CJ21@=.E2XWZ?B:QJ2AHJC^XQ#\(M%&S_B;W/S_`'/G3YOIQS2R?!_1X4+R
MZK=1J.K


ME5



Z1[0S*NX[5!.


M'%6F[V2.=TXVYG+\&=:O_'Z__7-?YFIJA7_C]?\`ZYK_`#-35H8!1110`444




%:-5&X_QD

Y/KVJQ;^#KA-3
M:\
UK$1+'/&84(*
D7E[/]PGDCOT]ZYJ?XB:S$&#_9D8'.%B)P/3DU!8?$_4


SWEE)LN_M;`

MS:ZYI
O'@SYTL8@3'7+-BNKKC_B'$\GAZ9H6VSQ[)(CQ]X-GIW]:BK\#'&U]=CR'
M3;C7?]T;S[`^^V5R/M(WB#Y@K
H_A.2`3[UUD7C;Q]/'')%I1=)0I1A`

&

YS4]LGB8+#8P:[($7:L:&U;:

M^=ZJBLN6.3G_`/56

??$:3%_IL?F$;H9SL]?E
MZUZ#7G/Q)#?VMI1'W?(N`?\`OD5CB%^[9M1WEZ/\CSH.\,3I%%P9MP++AXG



C^5/LG^S7*).OS

*0:IB

MR*YXF*BE6DD%%%%:G.%%%%


4R[XF$[':OMZ
MU9CM#(LBCPV6VN5+)

S9(SU



M=P0_-GT]:ZG0K!(M)D\376R.Z

+20&50




C'&[KZ'FNWKUZ$













&C

ULG4;:XNKBXN+KPR#+'Y01$EVQCU0


;B70)'B@


(2L;R$^&6*2#)E1_GX(QMQR..OO6!XB
MU`RPV]BK:5<!<,)M/W')Z;3D#GZO6#\&_#)_P6VI?]_P!?_B:V-^'GASP






W5M&Z1YP-[(3TSR%
M)VGU!P1Z5I5GZ=HUKIDMQ-#YKS7&WS99I[,%&%&3Z9/YUH4"BBB@`HHHI@
M%%%%(`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBBF`4444`%
F%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?_]D_
`
end








begin 644 image3.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!1136)R%'


P7)_$U+'*)/NL
CL17GOC'P5%XRU/3


M)P1@^E+2$9%
0M%(I)'/4=:6@`HHHH`****8!1112`*:/OM^5.IH^\WUH`J:
MMJEKHVFSW]Y*(X(5W
X[YKV#Q=H
M1\1^&[K35E\IY`KXR`0<C/Y5X#:ZW=:#


MS$J

5
M7G;E#[?*

M0?B5XDBUJW;5)Y)K`'-P!;\JF.6X';K]*]TMKB*[MH[B!P\4BAD8'@@U\TZ2






.
]N
5FTNJ.J%2:7NU'IZF(?A;X?$:RMK\W


C'%;T^CV\6C'1+

M*28B#@$9'3U'(JY7(67A2]LO)\O58U*?9P2B
-PC7;R-W.?0]*Z^M([;6.6H




2*
L


MD&FZ//E196

ZOXPU?5;F8R74@M7?`@A)5%`/3(ZTF@^(+S0+K




[2U^(




0+6



MAMK


5C)=^U4HH)5'T/2?!'CN^M[Q-

M@;GL1792^.M0U$V5CJ

UK


MY-;14Y/2/]?


37/@C2]\[861CPQQNZCVYIL5VD5T(E\!Z3'

X7J1[U23

M?\

M`WEJTY&[:
D#WQ_








M)#IEKIM^-0N]0FFG
?V:)[J10%4MG:

;




M[6R$1E7)``[YR
?7BIH?%VDW
\-O\TEQ+(T0A2%BRLH4MNQT&&4Y]#5?_A
M=





MJ
T

2



MW'&DF+



WO=_VR206L1*K

MT44BBBF`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
%44`?_]D_
`
end








begin 644 image4.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!3))!&H.







M[\
?QK*1Z


+.I//`YZ]*]^\$^(QXBT/S'C\NXMW

]O\`U<VQ_P`?K_\`7-?YFIJA'_'Z_P#US7^9J:MCS`HHHH`****8
M!1112`*@_P7[_ME_6IZ@_Y?O^V7]:`&W]_;Z;:FYN7VQAE48&26)P`!ZDD5
M%%JEC/)Y#2JDVP2-!
-KJI)`R#[@T[4[$:E8M;%DL02)(A(K`'.IX(K!7P
M1;11A8KMP1%$@+QJV&CE
@(SVR2

&3.<#''KQ6;6NJ.B,^5
M7A-Z'/R^?`Z:=9:@SWJ6EZZ1PR;V`RWW=W]W\:FM?`'@NXO[VTCDN6DLF5)
G-3R+HC3V\TM9M=BN?`G@K3MIGMX23(L0\V4MEST


M2C

M;R:[8-J'V`

DOS(





1H5OQ$R[&VAE`


M``








M-SYSRVUXLL
8/]XIG:/;ZUQVE:E?V-['_:_AF?4;MG*0)+'M!DY+$K_$Y]3Z



[(@9E`


W!&W(Z


M1_&D,%6^Q;R`G:`2?E/US_`#-73D^:TA8FA3]GS4;_`.?X'MUKH2VMQ'*N



'695;'X_P!16CJ6F75RC`LQ9I

:D7&[6

8D


1-4E*6MV$


MWKPFR*R2


M;7FF21Q1/).0-@1MI/S#/M6.(@YTVD5%V_$\KTV5B@@DMX(T\LKYSP%F^N1S





]4;`:;KVKKI-_



9&TCN.:[6O+?BW_P`?FE?]
M.

MJLOCO3UF69?#=H)5^ZV1D?3Y:P)M0M9;M9SI=FHWNS1AF`;/0'Z=?QI_]KQF
M28O96IAE\L&+)`4(
8!QGG^M)UI/=_A_P!K+\.EI3?\`X$_\S;O_`!QIVJ*J


C!+





MW$5PX


M&T+6)VGFM6BF8Y:2!MA;ZCH?RK
_X59H'_/6_P#^_P`/_B:X_J]5:*Q]`LRP
M


M+WOS'$MXIT_[;]KCMKP2^68P6
9!&00

('(BN]\A!;/EX`7[H4
M8X_B_.NT_P%6:!_SUO_`/O\/_B:/^%6:!_SUO\`_O\`#_XFCV%7R#Z_EW][

M15&04444PBBBD!C76MR6?B!;:V5;4VDES]H\S)^0KN&W'^UUS4'AOQ*/$`

M3A0#F
'H20I/7)`H#0OP^)--GTR^OTE;RK$

MN$51C'MWK
GT*R6U33;O6;MH`@

MRR&5X?(:(B0
JAF!4^BD'\1ZT@\9Z$T\427RL)!'B0`[`7&4!/8D?S%
D\
:
M9?S'4(;B3S99FN$GC*./F14(`92I4A%/0\C.:?%X=L;?5?M$-U(EPP1Y8_W9
M\S8`H8Y7(S@9VX!Q0&@Y?%FEMIL=_OF%O
ZQP%HB#

#M0&A'+K
FE


M6?#J&`C8LAP!@9/M0&A'%XTTYH97GAN;=ENI+5(WC^:5D^\5'H`/PJ]IWB/3





J1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!__9
`
end








begin 644 image5.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!1133\QV]
MN]`!N)^Z





M.YR%82
A('H
5BY29ZD
-1BTI;G177Q:\07#$0&SME[81F/ZUGI\1/$@N$EE


MM2W/EY;Z&


MP6ET

MDCW[0)=-

(&
M(9XR^1@\C('U!S6AITMWX-UVQNK&Z\Y;EP@:

MA:


=*Y'4=$\2Z=$L6H6
M5ZL*+M7@NBKG.!C('/-?1DFO:9%?/9R7:)





M2^VU@8J@D8V^YL`G`^[[UFX




GM6J@NYQU






%2F
MKJ5_FCH?#?CY-'U.YTNZ

MW!Z22





`X'^/I7SA



M4`%%%%




$[W0F@\H






MBMCCBBBF`4444@OGGQK;R/XNUMH%RIF(93U)P.E?0U?.7C6Y\OQOJZAV5O



D7.

MRS8P?7`-5=3:&?+1.S.!E\GO[5FG)R39[


M64LJOM)_(^U2O']E031R

MVJ0?M;#.WCM7TW7@7Q6TJ73O&
^1G-/,.@NTZ^=?1*)8F6

(N*;;6YGM
MI4^]W$@8

)!



QH3WD;K^2Y_.O;*[L/%QC\SQ
RFI5E;HD%%%%;GGA1113`*
M***0!6+XG\-6?BG2'L;O*L#NBF4?-&_J/ZCO6U12:NK
J
G%\RW/FCQ#X+UO
MPY


MMLK;NVT@\#KGC^[[U-

_EU[U[I_PC&@?]`33O\`
MP%3_``I?^$:T(?\`


&T__`
!D





M8




M





MZ34F-IJ

MK;^$5
D$8/#*!P.1DUTM%`7BBB@04444`%%%%,`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
;`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`__9
`
end








begin 644 image6.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!115:_O8[



M^Y/3\ZX^[\



ML+H+NY:

L(C9F/1?]H\5YSI-G
MJ]H]HEEJ:+:W$#7*R
FY4=5RR8/1P./3!K(ECU;6GLS+)O%QN2V#
%7*_P`(

4K''O\O+L5^<#<5QZ@=?J*+O0KZV2:258RD,A
MCE8/N



****8!




MW`KTRUT3P\R[[;3[.0?WCE\?F:T5FM+`QQCR+;S3M1454W'T&*KVEC*6(CLH


AY^XO


M].3W)K8N[^VL5#7


=ZRWT?3'$&-591-M\H
MB/[V#C'TSV/3/O6Q;:#:VQD9)9CYL31D;AC!QTX]ABDD\/V4D%K`S2[(-VS#






.X8V\=!4EAI
M\&FB187D8R$$[R.N

?ZRY^
@:_;7&L!]5M;BXFDES#]G&QR3@!2Y/CM



EH
M=/L\+TM;U_4Y;P=K#W)FL)




MIZUSVIZY&(]D@(ZEBS#YN#P`.U9J4INT3MCA:-))UM3J)/'I*JFU0H#\^'


LMP$^7!.
BHO*'VG*$F
Y!
M)HY;ZMFGNQBH16QW5CXXD=Q%?0JZL.98QM(]R._X5T5XE_=2276G*MS;NJR1




Q+$3[?+U_&N1CO[_6;UHHG/F;-C%N`J^_I6


M+*3W4Y^XWL:EM-&#*=F@27$F/^6U^`?R%3+D5FW_`%]YC+$.5-TTCU#X-W+3


M6\1.S?(VT9[#-3))K4J-[Z'#'PO9.;F'1?$GE1*NV2TO%$\88'DG)!]?\:9H

S276F%BVYF6;!)]\&

NO(SDC/)IK7=EF;RO'819




M_N.OL^2WH!@#TJW5/39([BT6YAD62*4;D=3D

M**0!5/5-



LT*;G4`Y^9/7]#6;-?Z5'=R8O+M$==K;[!%(.X'A=_%?250O9VLKEY+:%V



M`55&``.PIU%%;'`%%%%`!1113`****0!1110`V21(HVDD8*B`LS$\`#J:X33


M%IJ+


2/X
MCP#@8Z5TLNCZ9+.TLENGG/
MP6#%6
BKM#9!_N\?2L7[-X1739M7$$8L;)!&
M\H639LB)P
?QA3G'!&:`+QB7@F:QFN6MTEGN
NB%(UD=!CLQ.QB!QP.3DU

=ZD

M)C*V[;Q]X$\X/%:CZ)I4EV]PUI$TQ=9'Y.-RKM4D9QG;QTZ4!H)I^HW5]I[7
M4MB;56C$D.Z4/N!&1G'0]./UKF])\3Z@-!LM1NH[J[GNS#$D)@6!-\AQE6[@


MWV(W&XXD4#+2
AWL&/(X#8!XKOJ*!W.&MO!MU#JT,\Q:XA4P,C-=_-$4*4



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





TFJW9`M+EG(42X9@A[88+M'IQ3[W1;!/\`A'HXR8$N

7:2NS4NOBAXDNV.R]AMU[.#/\R:S
MO^$T\0F=)7UBXDL&





M\BB:\2V?$:ML!C+EAZX(Z=Q513-9JA)?#^!WNF_&J/A=4TQU_P!NW8
/R.*Z

O

#@8S67)V9W0QTHV35SY:^UW#S@S74P?=DL[D


_

M*OCGD'\





&:.8D.S_ZYN2RA
M6'7HP`R*+
+2

&QSC(_*I=-U+27U&.
M.6SCAU`W

IF(+A)F`.&#`8SP
J#BIXO#.





-1&J.K-RV<;1[LZV)G-VIZ(Z

]GDEQAEE<NK#T(-<

HZMZG3STJEX1BE;?1'T-



M[DK((BV0A)S@'`[$?R[5TE:G.PHHHH$%%%%


PZ
M?ZPC8HX!R
DCN


(A9Q6X\V<=S=F1F;8.U:226\:-?E5.F.]16F5
MTXW&?E)ZG^55DD6:9O
/`&3BF[RT?0*48P7-979;AU`03K+&6$L3!DD0X*D5
MV6B_$O5[2XCCOU34;?\`B\]1Y@7V8=?QKS^*+$S8/[MAW-2VVYYQM)X[^U-7

MRNX]5]L]:]=KNI3YXW/`Q%%T:CCTZ!1116A@%%%%

M/(3)

MD).W

LS*W
?GR`N.



7


M/H*PO)RN]#U:5.DHV23?F1M

O@RULV\8:/*;N]GE6[C*D6^U.

)EGV&6S:#S<[U4AMF3QCIZL'AH_9T_$VABJD=S


7P9/TX]*GFN[RP%O';:`)4V$LL.T!&XX'MU_3U

MTNB8X1D'N3VYKVJ?6=5A



''IV

M6MIMO[R'Z9Y_#I6['!XDWPC[19Q1$+YJK&25Y)(7MTP/PJ(Z'K
BA&\07*(I


M3\*[RLJTB??#&[


L&OMD@)CJLQ'N6^3GJ.GH:]SF@AN


M2_Z`=M_X]_C1_P`*]\)?]`.V_P#'O\:.1A[.7]7/)+QM.DMH&L?$
L
JL/.6
M?49&+KCJ

M`!H_X5[X2_Z`=M_X]_C1R

;LA#8VY!4C!(X..O?--M]!MH-:&I


ADEL@7
CR[
#6[-X5T.?8'TZ+:BHH1257?<RH.#



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M1




^&I,TFIWAVET[D!9L%E0]MK;=OM


MB6[8[;Z*W7L(H
_S)K.'C/Q!YZ3-K%S*%8
8S\JM['':HK7PWYGF0S2O%=VU
MUY5S&0


T+WH)V1H@R2.







@YR*?34^[^)_G0!XOXP^&NL2:]-+H-LGV&;$AB

`

D1BMW#+MQE8VWG).`
#GDDLG!=&=L,=*-DTF?+YGG\
M]?M$\ZN&R2[-N7WYYSP/RJZ)([YU.Y.[Y=Q4_

MS+*@W*?=2



#O%
K/K
M.EP(2;R#_=1MS'V`')/L*E;4[%$W/=1)A0Q#L%8`],@\CJ*T4%U9RU,=*5TD
MD6H6/`&`







K%M\H%OO#-SSP
$\G\ZK




<J``)'R%;T]CFJ5]XADU427):8





Z++)%
MO#`




ML%Q]IDF

M

M`P\M#

M;I`2.W-?1]?-?@NP




E-T[BCGCM#\?^`16[
M@SQP)GFR./FE&0GJ<4_4`PG956!2'#OA<AR.]


MNN9




9.YWW$V
&1O\!V%;]%%:)6.A))6044



MFW!ARI&

8;/

M.W'?-0IX


M;/-1[(!NSD`$9QMR
9K0TC7H=7DDB6UNK65(HYMEPJ@E'SM88)_NG@\C%9

MNV;




E\):K9L\=JOGVINEEF3?AKD^2%+G#IG]



/%&Y=5]@23V]S]35^BB@044
M44`%%%%


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R







M6)L8/3^588A^X;45[QGDJH+
P50
EB0`!ZDFJ4^LZ3;1^9+JEFJ#^[


J1A`?Q8_TJO%\08H

%N1
.M<%I^C&(PW%GJ5W%9S6KR%



MCEG345=.YWGABX+VLL!Y$;`CZ&MVN;\+##77_`?ZUTE==%^XCSJOQL****U





MK4J=O

]ZKVC70REC8/5)'!+X0\4W$YE

(O\`
GW-0C5;!S\MY`W4


L:Y8[FP`





\G%3B]T




MOWKOC`^7^M=)7.^%_OW7(/W?ZUT5=M%6@CEJ_$PHHHK4SBBBF`4444@N&\
M2LJ7MT78*





.7-S&E_`K(6!:6(;2!GJ1W_N
MT82S7
-_`R/F/*-B





YR
M6FD:)N3C81@?CD5[=7GOBGPG8ZAJ\E[/J$L+R

A^E4$O3I\4B*0#.PVD=<LDI:K<]RFZ2LU9%6XB,Q\P`+*.00,
M9^M4HY$DW`L4!/4=#BIWN2SM(69MO'UJI*4$T(M7K
Q#94MM/?@=1S71%.U

2VFEEEO;:X.

BL&`.3R?7


M=;N+APF@:B$7&S
##/YBO58=0M(7BV^-HFB60

M_8NK8'H#UK544@^N2LE^IPFE_#+6]2C





MO0`8]JM53TYXI[5+F&19(Y1N1U.05]15RN@EA1110(****8!1112`*HZQI%G



M*QY]:T@.N(-25XEV1K(\8&




M?L1\O'TI!X8T









FT*PO&L+!]D[.T1C)=N8T4E06S@!

?#-Q'?6%

M([



1*HPG;=M506ZY(`K7HHH$%%%%`!1113`****`


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!2,RHI9B`
M!WI:A`\V8L?N1G`'JWK0``S2\K^[7L2,L?P[4ODM_P`]I/T_PJ6B@/RC_SV
MD_


F`S8^;)
M[
?X4OE'_GM)^8_PIZD

N*AN?#BQ/H<%O<%KC4HB[F3A(VWE

MY2/3AA*2=IO4[B[^

N!F/C@]5(/



MM5%;_P#'NGTHW!:'S]XE\-:KX7\0R0:-;79M1(EQ;S1Q;F1@#P&`R

MO+[5$C@MKY7B\B


M*C!O8TG1+NRV2H4=5=


C@CI6:V




3S1
B*'&/
#'''4Y/J

M@TTVLT%Q



M'.1D;OE)X].E99U2SCU(67_3W*GSI8WF;QQLBH=I)8`=000
')Z5;N?A_#


$31D+&$\T$D@/@_


MN;^W\XG`3S!G/I7@LM]86;2KH$^IK;RC;
EQD$\G'3J


M6Q

MWL\DN




M
N?3%0

M6\:-?E5.F.]16F5TXW&?E)ZFJR2)-,WF'@`DXIN\M'TE&
%S65Y%N'4!!.
MLL982Q

M2VVZ2
MMHY-$NW96GF!MN



MF:

F!





F%
UJW



M3'[H=JO



M#=6







M3_Q[_&C_`(5GX





/JUUM<YSG`'7MZ<5['_`
*S\&?]_:?^/?XT?\`M/!

-LZL#\D6K7.%_$\^]9GAS2?%?BFZ6'3)[




MKJMNL-TK$(XDC='*/&XZ
P@

`[3$LA8EF`P`Z\G')`P:O1:#:)
M*DLCW

YZ;5`([X






+=
M-Y2+'`[W+LUNJG(\LDY7D#IUQCI3E\':.%D#QSR-(S/(\D[LS
Q0DDD_]
T_
M*@YINM1:G=W5O%;S)]G=D9I-HR5;!^7.X#T)`R.16G6;!HEK!JK:ENGEN2C
M(K2S,P16.2J@\`9`_*M*@04444`%%%%,`HHHI`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444PBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R



6^K22
EJ=GD3G)6-EYP?QY]Z


R





XN`BW6(YU*J0)E'..NTMCU`KMK.<W-E!.R



#N&3P
Y

'FJ9T;Q2N2NN1KY7S(SC()(YSWP/?/K6;)IMV))
M9$\/7Z;FWJ%O^
G).X`XQGT]:EN=*N)K.`G0KXOY'EF

M#Q%MVTCCK5NNA'GRWL(WW?Q%+2-]W\12TR0HHHH`****8!1112`*1?N_B:6H

MK7`3Z\OC74I(Y=0AMK+##RKG*1Q+G`(`(
DAZ^@!]15RZ\/Z+*-+;Q%IKS1
M$$&2..,OCL73##Z\UBY*2*C[5.\4_POD=DOA&V4`#4M5X&/^/L^N:?)X4M)
ZU&2'4[B-XCQNCCP(S^%9^UI*7*T=E.CB:E-U8]/O_(Z@^%;

D[?*QMI6(&
`DX&/X1]:P
M?%GB%];U

M)Z%'!*


NXRS1E4/S`


Z=
=








#`&#P?RKO:THUXUDW%;'F!1116P!1113`****0!7B?BJQL(_$\

M=V!J*FYM]O\`




)`/*MFE``'()





M.!2?:[-+JW/]I:O)`23

M=Q\P

WW?NPTK@X_$UK&<(
M?#$P66SJ;S^]/_


MY=&LRQ[B
+_*N=X=_99[$




M]&LPPZ$Q`_SK91$C0(BJJ#@*HP!35!_:9$\UA%?N8:^;_P8_ACPW:^&-)6


SJ4B.91&Q#D8.TD_D:AMO#&B75G;+:WDDT5M
MMLCQS*WR+*
D#KE!^%2W'A/3GTZ:SNKJX.EES

M7
3!'D0990V



=?

M0/)Y?.0

=*7(

/E$$[5SP


F;ARJ2
76;BP\R4E(@8IE8JNP<N6*9W]3
MU(SP*QCHNM/IDSW5MJDM[<6-EN/F[FWI.6D')VAPN/QQ7J-%`7.'6+6!.[R
M+K!TC[1(8HDE/VD?(NW)SNV;O
=2QYP2RCZD5Z710%SG_G]HI931:A'<?(X$<]PS;IAM&6*L25Y[9QG..*Z
MBB@04444`%%%%


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





M`@@X(/8T^H%XO)`.A16/UY']*GH`****`BBBF`4444@H/^7[_ME_6IZ@_Y

MDX/''49Z=J]_\-:#;^&]#@TVV+
L8RS-U9CR3^=;4]]#RL;R\JOOY&B/^/U_
M^N:_S-35/\`C]?_`*YK_,U-6QYP4444`%%%%,`HHHI`%4KN[@L9)+JZE6*

^O(XZ\BHHM:TNY\Y4N4)AQYB
I#+GIE2
UG?\`+Z996U\)+BZWC(



D%XZ^

PW4W3.TW!5


W```&.E
NU=2E]Q)_PAG@/3A<M/&CU=$F:61F\LM]T'MSFNBTNQ\-6LT\.G6UE');O




IB4@@Y!Y-3U2L;5+'9:QN[I%`B!G.6(!/4U=K0YWOH%


MFDOH6FPB7F6)[H[&(/RY8G@?

MK@3N9%8W

(-3_L;3KW4
9:V+*/5LX'ZD5LUS/C:![CPYJ21G$@MMZ'
MT*N/Y5
W:+:&K7U/(M-UR-;K?XDTVYO$WE_+2



7(
7:$&.G/X5YM
.<D'
M_LI.=6?O/0]$(82FN17?5]R26]

M;83

??(_+-=ZD
MFKH^?E3E!VFK
]/AE2:X

Y15DSAL9
NEZL'FO;N#YDA(

.F?85X)&SV]PLDX#;CT!Z5J1:C+ITDL]O-+#.JD*4)4G/'Y8JHS
M<))HYL33C5HN^Z/HVPU.UU+4+L6LGF`+&[#[N[)X![UI5YI\(+UKNRU)3T1


:
MXK22U3
NYBTR*.(1LBL!QR!TKQ
M34;N\MKOR[F.2:$A0K<%2/7WKLK3XBV]M#Y-XQ?RX<AEY+-CI4RHMG=B)J]




P`^VP?^RUS5E=VR8*Z#





H!SC&._KVJ&]D\-0L+R;Q1J-\J
)([2*7JP.1V&!G



MJ/


M^;(!PW;DUZ/_`
*@\-_\]M1_[_+_`/$TA^#WAH_\MM1_[_K_`/$U2I2
WC
-


MG8?7%6H

QWEZXE=#U10
*I]^I_&NXHHK5*R

-N..
MOK47AOQ'_;R%V6WCW1)
D2R

TTS9MFM6@






MMS;VS0VUW#;%?/Q
BDU?M]$TW3YM




MX5M9?.&L7WG7LMQ+(52894R*H`Z#)`B!&`.AXP*`T-!O&.EI

MUJ^\LZEE&
=PIYI9?&.CQ6OVD23RQ+9Y#%;NWE(1EP!\O*L



M



`
end








begin 644 image13.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!1133R=OY


M


M2_-ZC\J@COK2;_57
3_[K@U.










<
M%%%%`!1113`****0!2+T_$TM(O3\30`



&
MMX:-XDNTMS?

7SLZ/GN02N1]:

$W=`&Q@'J!4^S78T^MU-??7W(PE^$M
M\T;B]\1

M3O1!
OEF.1.1TR4./KZ46NE^*;+3].@AF7;%+&9(S

M(GA?Q7-


M\



M8JW!NK
%M%O-LS
M1-*I4!)FQMZ@#!Z4#PCHJPO$MJX1RI;]ZW5<X[^YKR_PIX^N-'MKNT2U1[<
ML&M8][;(?49.3COCM73:!\1GN]4

NP']X0N[:




M=8I9(;JQBDV83R8Y?



M-ZM:E5M&^_=F;;PI%`$DGWOU+

M9+EDDRH7.1C!%1HOEB1MWR=5/O0DT[WU-)*#BH6NMCZ`\*_$2P\33?8)X6L[

@5`0-K,-WKQ_*O]

M4


$@EO9IT\IV(9\C/;CH*]!K6A65:'
M




MSYI=?

MQCH

%C0E&7[H7O7H-UX2U34M'CN9`UHA(D`E0N^
=U4$CBN
M.O+&:RBD:&XBN;60^498&)MZ,
J?8BMJ

M
1/:


D^CJQJ?\`
M(K4M?A]KFMI&S7/DQ12$%9K40X(X..3_*I3@WIK?^NQAB:DJE+D?0W?AJTU

MB)/1?3US5B-M




@8QC/



.
`_2LO%5+
Y1T45^)FZ[/3M/NK:Y
ME;R;B*1@/NJP)QZUI5RW@NP


MU=A1116PPHHHI@%%%%(`J*XMXKJ!X)D#QN


MP8('DE?





_*N./^`UZ!11]1

MK

*69F.#@`#T]*TZS]5TZVOXHI)YGMWM7\Z*

M6OB^QDN[VWN#Y+6TK@\$[8E17

\


HYZ4!H`\5::
M9880+G[1+
T`@^SMO5U4

%`9=L;
9%+A
H!RP
MW$#\15BW\






M]ZTJ*`.#6RU6YN-.N+JUN6AM-3#++&GD2RQF(KODC4XX8@9]
\`54U&T\0ZG
Z+JUE?ZK/I@NTCE
MNK8



MY=ZY%:26VIWM@R;2RL8%$J8B4YQNV!V]-QZUZ)10%SAXH-7C2-IY=9N+#S)2



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


MI9YD4#J2PXHND/4;]F3^_+_W];_&C[




M?WY?^_K?XT?9D_OR_P#?UO\`&N

MS_`S[6_(U2G%]1RH58_%%FO]F3^_+_W];_&D
+IS%(W^ZYW`_CU%2+-&Q`61

M*@_Y?O\`ME_6IZ@_Y?O^V7]:`.;\?^*%\

M%J-X\);4O
@N;1[OSV=R#M!+(1_?&.GO7O7C'PU;^)]!EM)0WFH#)`RGE7`X



H`SUYXS
MSS4EKJ%[I[(L.I6:(K`A%^90=I3<1CKM)YJ'SIA:);?;;'R0X*J!G8=NW(XX
MXZ_3-9Z%J+3<M/ZN4GT^\$:NV%5FV*6D`RV`2!GN`1GZTVYT+4(6)EC3_6M





MG:WB
!`





****!!1113`****0!4'
M_+]_VR_K4]0?\OW_`&R_K0!/5'4YDL[*6[^Q&Z=
?NT4%FYQ5ZJU]9K?6_E


M^(H8G\-7$F)-I


M2OILNG*TNI:ZPBFVARC;R6YQTY7Y*YF[[V_`[H\T/A;2^?\`F.
.@KFY3PQ=

M*;6K?WO_`#)(;+PZ)Y9+C0-0


M`/7-?YFIJ!!1110`4444PBBBD`5`2!>Y)``BR2?K4]
[#_`'&&TGV!KAH[6Y\/^9-IOB:P!+)&S6\F
MREL$XSD@<'\:V&NM47.?B%:<DA2)6(/7WXZ?K7-SI[HZO[/ENY_@_\`([?P

MK0VHY;.:DN:[6W]







M;4QM*5HRT_$\^5X[-!$(=J]3@\DU&FH
)6





`HHHI

1D?G7/BHN5)I*YI2GR



#![#/3G]:T(K.Y.9-VM?:
+N






#C`/K7?5XU\;_P#C_P!%

#G.T_3\:U%U#;-(+C1(G:1`K(T#)W
M/(``QSQQZ5S.
^/].U%7%YX2L9=XPS&4AC^(7-8Z:QX920N

M0,<GD'\*/M`,<,4WAI96102?)D4N``3@=\?K[U:DS.6&I?R_C_P30;QUIMQ



MT23SE6*%7(?C)YQCIZUJCQ#`6O;AM7U)Y[D88&TB^;G=\QSZEN@]/I7L6M_#


CR\


03WZ=
M2`,=J]%_X5#X<_Y[:C_W^7_XFC_A4/AS_GMJ/_?Y?_B:GV,S3Z]AK=?N/.KC
MQ#!<&*[DUO4SJ$)WQNME$JAL=\-SSW_2E;Q/%YJRC7=4#M&8Y+&$*%R#@+G

M

42R(([:%W8!`S$8Z`D<]
M#GC-5;7QIISB^%VWD-9R37:X1$;:&8@?*6[+U/:BU\/Z6MUYFG:I-'=
))

M*/&6D

MA`#$X)P
T1Z'86]W9R37KO.ID$.\QIOWH`PJH!P%S^9IZZ'IR:?I^C=\6)

T@D=Y&1448R3\M65\6
MZ4]Q';AYQ
_F;D
+`Q;


+@EV7!'J
18Q*`RD;HR<!QGJ,BH1X5TX6X@8S-&+O[659ARVS9@\?=
MQVJ?1]@T5-EO/

MDE/VD?(NW)SNV;O


M%%%%
`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`_
_]D_
`
end








begin 644 image15.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_P``1`F`&D#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


M`
?
L80L&XP27;.6)RQ)JUL7T7\57^@%`'.GQ1:#_F%^)3]/#6M'_P!LJ8WB

^G/X8[US_`(CUFT\.Z;+J


A
MNHITCEB9'@F0R13*X994^3;)&4WJ48.

MY(




MK-L=A\MP&$GB
5B:T:%*





MQL$

EO8-8SV2(,K<K+IL\TZNS2'^<.Q_X*?-
M?:'XI\96OPY^-/A.=KWPK!JX\[]?^'VD:[ITA.M6^N:TGBPM-9UKXBZ4T.




*[T\W<]O:W15I([.:2
MQ
S;Y;B.TT/#_P`8OB1\


MC%6:9_JVF^!R4CW(O60LZ)CCD


MT/XP^

DMM-H7B0Z4D\\
8NX?M/VVSTZ

PY]!^9_P`*Y*W;/CX
7-N\$EDGVG^GGQ%Q/X;SD
M@^(HE;!`;YM)UA$*L5(0QR,DF0IW!GR[RPP/B9X%T/XD^!/%'@#Q3$M]H/C
M+0-0\+ZM!)%&QEM-5L+NPO=^01LN;:XDCEC7RR8RZ+*H?*^7FN&K8_#SCAX*

JS:C3IUY83%QJU*
XQ:
SZCX-U#Q#I6E_%7X;^)_$/B_4DOGNM!




)!'K/[&2?$


268AO/C\:Z\5*I&E*












80E9-.5.C5G5K:I?NX6UE=148V/AE



M1G6?-O&@1)7CA

M'*IA)8S%5



MIR=W9NS^2:2MY(YOQ$
2^&AG./$EM_Z;M4K=F484D*V&+`L

MUZ5A^(_]=X:_[&2V_P#3;JE;TW1/]]^/[WRO\O?.?I^N*CFE3IS5.7(U3J-.

MY9XU/DZ?$OX^VMOH!U?X9^$K;3[G4]-L-5U+5_'-EIES8VLR67NN/87K]H
M6W

MOJMM86ZW


35FL
M4WEN/P]?


TN'JV29;2S*/#G*\SS_`.N?




M:SN=!L?'7AY?#=WX;N=0L+RZL1!\*;+5=%\076IW(36=8NK;5(M.M[F%HQW/


1F689E@Z2RWCG!8/%6H5:V*R

M^
+3XCS^!+7QGI


MN5X6I6Q+@W%_5X5
%.

MG\1:GH&OR:K\/AXET*RN]5UJSC

ACLI:
MU)_BG\=((WN;CX-Z5I



M%K\S:9!UXK^'KB6XBN8/.D,ALWW26YD&SWB&4S?+E64
AT8
F?M#1
H&`=

HR]UXRA3HPBE?5*O#

M_P#2^YKJJ^I/GX^ZK+;[_P`[G

^1&)#IFJE1(X
M!
?F
!#&VU@9I(D(57+K^/7_``5;_PANF_LSW_`


M'P6(QM2+5J.&P^*Q=:M)2C*


%P-2L/.!6ZG29$OD



(.4X%X2EEW&VRQU*M6&&P&4\5X;EJ

MSCQKXPM5N/
1[21I8-/UBV@D5(&BMX(Q;10-;P




MQN'R'^S

MKX9_2(PG#$N/


+)T8*&#R^CA*B=2-+$2:I*E3

GY]_\`


!C

J.'J6DO[4Q&
P6)HY?)PJTZM3FH3E3E'DJWJ2DJ7[V^

'C[X

TBN`@



M4HQCAG@:61TXU%&G&5.5*A*%622O)QC-3_TR?#/[+OPM\
:E8:W%'XBO]2TG
M5KS7]-GU;Q/K


)3]



M&.

JD!G4`%D4JK(QWI_)!_P`%

MM+\
WNAV%_/8Z=?:UJ$/BG6[Z2\LQIOV(W8:;[)&DW]0G[27QA\&_`+X7WOQ


MI:4?#]_+X9\7QZ[#9:[ING_9K^WAEWVMV)0MQ;?F?B)Q1DV4QRC`XG'-XU8N
M

4[P6NY];DU3/N$
HQ?B+_J_+
N%LMQ]#*:
M^)AB*^%G'

MC_P28^#DOB?Q5\1/$?C3POX0\?:[J.G^)OA]%XOL](@T+P$=*DT&+4$\%I?6


M:S@BB2[N5^J?@[^W7KO@G2[N]\3Z?\*=2\1:)HC6?@C2/C%^S7JW[07B^QL]






M5OI;G4+36;R^G:62!Y8?LJ-:Q!/.2VN2DRM&C;MX;89%#+U/SI\3K=M4T[Q+

:]&N_C7




M-9QBXM_(`\Q[A1/&L





M;;Q9\



MA;XE^&]1UBTT.#6X;7XK^%;6]2WM_&?@J]NK9]7MH0+1K=]6M%@MM?MIKVUO
M]0NQH\NF1W]JNH2W
?W&0\;9ODU3X#.L+I@O:1I_6(\M-4:;NN=NFHJ:B^


M:AILPB*F)P\-VWF^5*_V9P(V9C(-O=[+CT;\Q_C7[M@JN'QV'IXFDX\E2
7'
M66MTG?676_\`EHT?PU2A5JSQ-.O1G@*N$Q5?!SHU%:4Y8:I*E*M:I=I5)1EH


MO@Z



VDWF@Z
-66]UK4M4U&RO;:/RA*DMM





LQ
?F_9\

()=1@9!'T1X]T+1?!VJ7:GQ

N(!
9F:4@*5D7RPJMMR3@`_*WQ-)%]HVO:):WC:3J
M4\

M'

M(UN(?-BVCWP6X:%[(S2Q\SX.^+WA3P[JOBJUGL=3OK#5FBFM-*6UDGU4RW
M2LT;2V5FMY-;APCM#A)\)9Y!ZK#)Z..R3-

M`=
^'





BQ!OP$^
W[1W[
GB?28=/\/^`KCP=KVL11

MY)EN8X[%U


OJUCK&EV@N

M='%YSB
8E)2DK4\/6FG*/N./-*/[Q/Q1SO&\/XK+.*
%Q1E4LUE/+\73Q^%S
MG

$W.7)%\JC&2E.#/Y1?BC_`
$B6_9R\-0^)?C=



MRAC@.-
ARJ%/^S^(\?2C0I8:-2C7I8V&`J1P5.O#PKQJY31AG2E55W.O24


;-84


M?=:UWM&R?F]K/_!#[_@HUK







MLRZ?_8]R]A$HT:2X(B4R65K
L

GLWPN\8?L]3



MAQ+Q#F+PV
XGX9R/$XN



M2KTD_:17
E%I_!W_``00^'OC_P'6F_M2Z1\1/&'Q?\`%OBU\4_#O1M23XM



KPV`GFD\3.G&\ZGLZ*O-_%HJ3MK?31=E8_G_/L?1S3
M\1BU2LIM12E*3:45RVYF[RV6KU_7)UJSM]3TN[TV[B1[6^BDM9R5P(A(I59L
M*!N

M_%-E%((8M2\





M]0TC41$US8W$2RR?==[=R1YD#D+M\OB_#\79GP[BEP'C
!E_$-'VBPTLTP6&


M1C6668_%8#

ODTX/%82KA9P]K44ZD%*E74X2IRJ.'+.

M0C^T0F0$T=7^(/@466F:'=_LO:O;6'C+PK;_`!`L=)CU3X?V\]WX=B-O:0ZP
M4@UN46U];:?J6GP6J/?!Y;::Y*P)A_*O7/\`P3Y^.?P?E\0K^S[XM^&GCC0-



MW1[6WTW3OA?\!3:V_A]?#:3+!X*28Z9#;FUA3^T
65YYL
8MDMXEBBLT@AE2

M??LU_P#!0B_M8;3_`(5C\#+&.(6MT9=/F\(Q7$FMP+$9=;$C7

MK&76VMY[4S



M3F2!;J2)S



;-

4_LK^-

M=WM+CS8[N(.[K;NL
JGR2?\`9K_X*!3+





JM-7A+V'Q%^TAIOP?\`#
WB
S=+2[


\2?L0_M:_%+P_)X0^+&K_!3P'X7


IU)3Y+5:BITHJ46W*7T3XTV32]$M8[N(#5;Y!J&M$7$-S]GU2.-
0B.3<A8*VQG1:J=*G4I^RG!2I\W
X.ZC)WO


K3X=
















NGG6=4K/?X8_\%&+


M[@3L[6
--(ZO(=J+S(LG!EOM:.38T$J;06@921')%)N'FE$_GZT7]EC]H'P
MC;:UJ3^$?C3\/X+3P3-H:ZO\KK0M5\9:L;?]O;]IOXM3^`;XZ#\3OACXIE\



:JC=.RJ1M)6LK=4
MKI.S:;;DG*7M)RYX\LHRFY0LK;0DG&.R^%)WW9[V86*E?



XPP;[JMRO*\
&`(;#`@9!'!'6BBF
A:V&S9$PA'F!_D0#Y&D5IHAM*
M@+

MWF1S-&[LHD




C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





DTIPGF1E03Z9KQ:;PUY

ME)HT4$$
M7*+C)Q84444R0HHHI@%%%%(`J.
-<4E)7/E0ZC=R[0]U(VU0B_-T4#:!]`1]*TO
MM5Q]J$QUL&55RLHW9R1M(Z?W0!]*^@[WPIH6H9-SI=M(3W
8S^=8\WPO\+3-
MD6!C]HY&7^1J'3D=4
PI=5;[CQ7


&D6P([E`Q_6K5*1G/
*/17^



ULZ[JNH65QH5K;75I')?S&&21TW#.PME
M1D=Q^M5FNM4GL;A)M&TA2LB&.-[A'1^3D-Z$`9!J-==U5[:)YK'1V
;!3
+M





G((QTQ4M
MU?WT5TB)8:3

MPY'2FF[VN2^51NHK[T;4*W*Z=&+QXWN0!YC1*54G/8'H*M5'-_JC^'\ZDK8X
MF%%%%`!1113`****0!3(O]4OTI]

MP
-OSXPOEV^LY^;C/'\J\Z688=.VYZ$,+5Y4W.WW_H=S<Z9X;TRW</8
M6RH75V4+G++]T_49INGZ7X9UTE2UL;<Q;E

].WX5J#
MPKH#@
-



:FG.;=.5E?\`3U.ZD\-:-+`D$FGPMBA50YP``0.



MI\:WA2-QS$0WSCT_K7!!QB[SU1M&K[-J

MV5W;7+/$@8W(D.&SV%;E_'?2Z?':Z8\)*KMRRLQQWQ@?S-9.E^%I;&:34KRZ
M2%OF4J@WCM\PQW)[5FHIIM_(UISC%-M[LU+N5KF.*$3%SC8Y7=L;&*U+VG

]R9;B=QAYU+*`#TP.Y''TK@G\43
MQ:M-9+'
ZQLP10A8E1T8X]N]53C45^74R;C4C9.R3_'RZ_D=K:VL&FZQ;+'.



MY=R.C

*1_$!U/XYKG-`\




M'=UZ'&

GGD_E3






*DN;L-U*X:X\
3R0N
M-WE


&






!@?4`\U(_@'19O+2338XW`8B1'9&./7::E?PA
M;01#;')JC=Q+G(_'-1.K2MS14ON$\12J/W_`,E/X=MM4N].URUM_LS1$.%
M5AAD7/)YXZ=:W;N+4YI)+E8[C)E!020A'XP5)9203Z_2H3X841
H9G1L9`
59I`<8^7\.*]$KU<LK*LIU
M([-_H<.9N/-




^

MH`Y_Q5KUUH



'8$@')P.AR<U6'A+3!+).6NVNGD23[2


MK;;J!%2Q*

M]W.X=.



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!02`,G@44
MS[[X/W5_4T`&YF^Z,#U;_C:_P#ST_2GT4`
VO\`WS^0HVO_`'S^0I](S!5+

F![@4H!89$F1[`5Y'XY\0^

MT%=M:ZM=_P!JK;&(;0H+/@C=Q^6
\#Z5'/U*Y3IMK_WS^0HVO_?/YG`@@$=
M#S2U9(S:_P#ST_2C


E#!

78+WQTR:\_M]&


:WBG$1=SC#'.0/7!YJ7.?+RF$<!3<[J6G_``YVJ_%_5$F;;IUO)!N^



MSLPHHHH$%%%%
`HHHI`%5;BTBO\`3I+6=0T4J%&![@U:ID7^J7Z4-7&G;5'S

04$BKL!(SUQU_.H`=4A@N(5AMO)F3:Z[@5.

PZVU^1XC)

UO(XN#-;I;

M!M[\`GV]S7OFG^'M(TM-MEI]O/]F



MC[PQVJ*7PY:37TEV\DV^202
H8`'&..G(X%9UW8Z1I96&XO+O?LW*I.[(W`D
M]

M

MR2AU1
C#9XQQQBLKZ;_B5;^K%F[EUE9!
VJ6




V&G30LA?
M$;R1.0.H'F*!G':N6T2]\1^');*!M'@N;B9OL]I).P^3C.U3P%SW/4XZ\5T-

ML3P/EDB==KQGT85ILD
:EBB`#DG;7C&E7NM^$M=?6]4M'2SD7RIT$BDD9(4^


MS(YG--72=SK6%4D['H45I;1`F*&-=PP=JCGJ?ZG\ZD
:-]Y%/U%9.GW
[QDL
MC(

#'O7+&K3:NT7'
:ZC9LR8/#LUYJTFG6LI=QE

87CH`/I7EEB[60D:/=$5


!9I&`^

MSXCM\EHUX12




MQZE#TQFN&


M
E=7

M.UXBMM.\M51%!54#ISBH;BX,-QL7RHQ2H!VDJ
=3GKGKS772IJO=+1(4
MI\L$I*YD:/-$=2A*6ZQLTJJ0!COWKTBO-[N1+7QCI\:(J=HGVIT!)_EQD?6
MO2*Z,'%P4HOHSK*

MKBNTK@?$DNH:?JDD:W


M0;MHRC

DGLHZFDTN&XAT\S7MPXDN&.

M?T+A*

MES2K)$S


ZUKZ!1117:9!1113`****0!6=K.D1:O9&%SMD


MC&32@S


















M#-D@1+)SRV-W7MC-=[10%SE?=KJ=MHTEMJB7`O%@10,CR0H3K&.Q'1L\YS





`
end








begin 644 image18.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`#!`)(#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBBD`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1113`****0!44\PA0'!

?_/6X
M_P_[_XU9IRJ
E@!ZDT`5_L
?\`SUN/^_[_`.-'V&/_`)ZW'_?]_P#&J%_X
MJT+3

N9M0=K8PJN3-&QW8'8@\9_GBHY_=Y

?\`STN/^_[_`.-'V&/_`)ZW'_?]_P#&N5@^*/A6;K?/%_UT


MM

D+`'=&2`#CGIP#




LULZ!




MUU_YLO_`%P3_P!:K555_YLO\`UP3_`-:K5;'F!1110`4444PBBBD`54
M_P8L/\`KA_[-5NJG_

RC@H'&

MN-6UZWU&.6.W6VM75)@P#K+D%3R#\HQZUD_V-XMURR:K;3V[QOG$^Y'.X$

;

'PK\+0G+6DDO_`%TE8UNV'A30M
P;


6'_7#_V:K=5MH_M+?W\G'ZT`6:\X






M*EE95(4L&*YV\C('WLX'%0'P!I9+?Z3?89-A`D4?PJN?N]?D7\J.1[6#VT7K

]OK7;5C:;X9LM+U6?48




98\@C/M72+I_@B.





^M80C*
M



U
MN5YYZ$YXKJHXR-1/F]VQQ5L).D[+6YJZ6TC9
H`;8.!VY/Z9R*TJJ6\L4LY:
M%E:


2

M2\D=3R^I&?+1E9&]J4EQXG\M8Q%


-P7)].1BJOB%TUBR@:!Y5O+8K#:*A[VZNQ



M11W!0D!6Z9]
'O70IXAT^]N+B&]MH_
5H4=F7:Y9@!G/7I64^9/57]#93NDD
M

0?*$2J0



MM1T[R%B2Z0-O22VF4N

M?+NQD''I5BQT?4+2Y2\
*
SEE;#C(`'/%:#^'_$L;2S-8W$.3OC5U)8;3@9(
BR981J<D$8)_P`^E:SG/X=-10C3351/;4;<V.H0F*\6

(95AAG@P+,VXHV.02.V:R-#U^SNT2PF/G
M)/&#+'(HVKQ_2KGV:WTJ(65WY07$VQGW*/FP2._([=*X*KDURR5F;2DI2O?


MSPJW+[1\NP4445N9!1113`****
M0!7G?Q)U:'3+[3Q*CMYD4F-O;!6O1*\D^
?_`!_Z1_URE_FM95FU!M&^&@IU


M:^



8Q_J4Z5


MZ`^

O5*[*4G*;/-Q
M$%HXK8****T

ES9$L47JT9^]CW&`:[











%VC`.3SFK
GB7
M3(8O



4:\-G=Q1O

MTDBE]JP



M7!!R
@\4`0?\)KHQ17#W)4QM*Q^S/^[17
;
W'R@
0%BKR-(QSC[VY
MS4L'A6TM[RWGCNKP16]P]S%;;U\L2.&/W<D?
QQG@DT!H;U%%%`@HHHH`**


MLP)YBR:I!IFZV6X%U.!.S9;S/+8G('W
X//.VJNGIKFJ07D]O=:L;9(;TVA-


9
)8




C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C+_P``1`M`*P#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HI

M!UG3\Z3^TK
?\O5YJ)&/:G;B3THN%CT?^U+'_GY2E&HV9Z75YVF
\K6G91

MKA$OKR







&I^6CF/L9C_C7H-Q:LQ.UC5!K2Y!^\*3B6

4^XS_P


0

4/H1Q7*^)+IK;Q%*T+E
GDKZUV.C:]:7.G0F6Z3S@
-N/




2?E33:VXZ0I^5.
MQ5SSMA+CA&/T%0O!=.?E@E/_``$UZ08HEZ1J/PJ3`Z`G8=SSDZ1?RD$0LO




URK:[H2?PWO\`
+.EGK%O3UK.'Q%T&\U:#3K:5Y))FVJP'RYJ_?<9JKHR<7'<Y?43RU=
M3\,X,)J-QZE$'X9)_F*Y343DFN]^'<`B\.O)WEG9OR`']#4=1RV.MHHHID!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!6'XON;BT\*ZA-:Y$JQ'!':MRHKB.ZMI()1F.12K#V-)[
M%TY*

W.UASG\:QA;3QL3$'9#(8U8#[Q%;\NL

^U2SD9/L%X54-_<W#(/X5/LW?<TEB(3@XSA\OG^?4
MGG\?B&%)8X9QW<






$MV8UZLI;1

M#V%;Q\CQL2W=)[G
WYRQKU+PC`+?PM8KC&Y_P9)_K7E=[]^O9=-@^S:7:0





5]%/%



M\`E


=7O/#?C^MCE)XAOC/1@

JRM
M`A1@Q^\#WK3DABG7#JK`U6GTR&8@@LA`VY4]JHS52ZLV9+VVKQ.Q27*%LCG\
MOPJ&!M8MH3`L7_+;ANORFM5]+G[8[M]OH?2F2Z=?Z





M!B&3?QGZ5X.]5I!P33^L^1#X?I+[;_`]JO/B3H%N1*\G^Z*Y75/
MC#;)E;/3V

M%JIW)`N?4]S5BM3S6[NX4444"BBB@`HHHH`****`F2Q)
A210P-/HH`Q+
MC0CNW0.`/0U1GTBZ3.8BR^W-=313N!PDVD[@3):G'NAK/ET*R?.;=?RKTL@$
M8(R*B-O`QR88S_P$5+2?0UC7J1^&37S9Y;)X;L6_Y85$?#5C_P`^^?SKU;[+

`
end








begin 644 image20.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`I



MZ^
R816-&H%S_A*K93B24?3!JY!K^GSG`E*G_:%

N-/BD;
?R'TKL
M/$`R(N.1D_RK`\L
P)X-2T%S!;3+N

M'BVP

RX]EJ5
M=
LHSG&3]*:DS.7LI::_@=/+XTTQEQ'%--]$XK.?7#/(7BL_*7MDU22&)!A(


MM-3MU:1



/48K
M:TJ<7&0T:\5V4EE;2C#P1M]5J$:39+G9`JYZXH*..UYC$S(J`@=Q6:\J8/R


M\&Z;W\P_C2L%SSR:]CA1Q34NS)S`#CTKT$^$='3K`S?5J8VD:?:+MAM8U'
MTS3Y6.Z//2]S+]U'_*JMS=/:1Y89?TKMM1VHC!0`/:N%U(&:[2



M92B.I[.?YU-3$&&?W;^@H`Y?QS($L(0`?
W$@^E8/A?Q$MC=LM[+((G7C/(!
MKN-;L!J&E3P[`TA0[


M64TSNO\`A*=(QD70_*H9/%^F)]UG?Z+7&6ATPV\?FC#J!OQWZU
;JSV(`%)4

]P?M$[CEF[NZM_E@LX)`ZYZUUM6





MU`6.6\8^!H/%+Q7`F


\^KH&9SNV^QR#7
MI@^$%CGY]0E/T%:-C\

M1#:PI%&!PJ#%9-]




MU`L\#A9`


M2&$RQR2LRY?CE3Z5-8^)-*OU!AND!]&.#6F&BDP04;Z$&K/
GS0=JD+?@84?

@+`TAW=B.@K3:UMW&&A0\8Z4BV=NCE
MUA0


=\%F[+T53_%SU






2S.['UR:CA\/WNH2!0A13W(YKVBP^'I!#7+QQ#^Z@R:Z


`
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    



    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 the Company may become&#13;involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent&#13;uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company&#13;is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a&#13;material adverse effect on its business

 2010
 the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial&#13;manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &amp;#147;Licensor Product&amp;#148; and collectively the &amp;#147;Licensor Products&amp;#148;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee
 Licensor&amp;#146;s trade secret recipes

 2009 (the &amp;#147;Effective Date&amp;#148;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended&#13;as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between&#13;the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement&#13;Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &amp;#147;Minimum&#13;Royalty&amp;#148;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement&#13;and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)&#13;years
 by notice in writing to Licensor

 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee&#13;that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith


 multiplied by Company&amp;#146;s &amp;#147;Net&#13;Sales&amp;#148;. As used herein
 &amp;#147;Net Sales&amp;#148; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly to unrelated&#13;third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or&#13;granted from the billed amount (collectively &amp;#147;Discounts&amp;#148;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually granted upon&#13;claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &amp;#147;Credits&amp;#148;); (c) freight
 postage
&#13;shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when&#13;included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance&#13;with reasonable accounting methods

000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each&#13;Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in&#13;excess of $20
000


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;
 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;125

861
 $203
031&#13;and $35
551 of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31


 LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective December 1
 2011&#13;(the &amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement

 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.&#13;The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the&#13;&amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares&#13;of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible&#13;or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing&#13;on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors&#13;in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange&#13;price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing

 the Company&#13;shall pay up to $40
000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing

400 and issued Spartan 505


 LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective May 2
 2013 (the&#13;&amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement

 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and up to 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant&#13;and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;)&#13;to purchase a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or&#13;shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities)&#13;sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which&#13;they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in&#13;the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing&#13;is consummated by means of more than one closing

000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&amp;#146;s satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising&#13;of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0mil-$5.0mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement. On October 29
 2013 the Company entered&#13;into an amendment to the Agreement and the $10

 2013&#13;the Company paid to Spartan fees of $650
000 and issued Spartan 333


 LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective October 22
 2013&#13;(the &amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act
 for a minimum of&#13;twenty-four months from the date of the agreement

 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver&#13;to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;) to purchase&#13;a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common&#13;Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such&#13;closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate&#13;at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of&#13;exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated&#13;by means of more than one closing


 2013&#13;the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $104
000 and issued Spartan 53
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50&#13;and a grant date fair value of $731

 2014&#13;the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $58
500 and issued Spartan 30
000 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50&#13;and a grant date fair value of $43

 2015
&#13;the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $166
400 and issued Spartan 91
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50&#13;and a grant date fair value of $171

 the Company began a&#13;lease agreement for office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease is for a 39 month term expiring on March 31
 2019 with annual&#13;payments of $18


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 51%; line-height: 115%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 45%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;78



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;
 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;125

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 LLC (&amp;#147;MO&amp;#148;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using&#13;the equity method of accounting. Accordingly


 2015 and 2014
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;ownership interest in MO was 12.6% and 15.8%


 2010
 the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &amp;#147;Manufacturer&amp;#148;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer&#13;is owned by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with the Manufacturer to determine if the&#13;Manufacturer is a variable interest entity as defined by FASB ASC 810 &amp;#147;Consolidation&amp;#148;. Based on this analysis
 the&#13;Company has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest but the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the variable&#13;interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the Manufacturer&#13;a revocable license to use the Company&amp;#146;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of&#13;Company&amp;#146;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&amp;#146;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions&#13;and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.&#13;Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&amp;#146;s products and the&#13;Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers

 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping&#13;materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the&#13;product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred&#13;in repackaging. Per the agreement

 the Company made several&#13;unsecured loans to the Manufacturer during the year ended 2013
 the one month period ended January 31 2014
 and the year ended&#13;January 31
 2015. The loan to the Manufacturer is unsecured

 2015&#13;and the one month ended January 31
 2014

 2015&#13;and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014

 2015&#13;and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014

 2015 and 2014 the amount due from the Manufacturer&#13;is $2
213
037 and $1
373
036


 2015&#13;and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company generated approximately $113
600
 $85
500 and $0 in&#13;revenues from MO

 2015 and 2014
 the Company had a receivable&#13;of $6
768 and $1
457 due from MO


 2015
&#13;the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 18%
 13% and 11% of gross sales. As of January 31
&#13;2015
 the customers represented approximately 23%
 12%
 and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables

 2013
&#13;the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 18%
 17%
 14%
 and 14% of gross sales. As of December&#13;31
 2013
 the customers represented approximately 16%
 23%
 14% and 4% of total gross outstanding receivables

&#13;2014
 three customers represented 18%
 15% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2014
 the customers represented approximately&#13;8%
 24%
 and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables

 2015&#13;and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2013 through December 31
&#13;2013
 the Company issued 3
333
375 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $5
000

 the Company sold&#13;533
333 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $800

604
000 consisting of $872
106 in cash and 30
000 warrants with a fair value of $731

 the Company sold&#13;300
000 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $450

166 consisting of $58
500 in cash and 30
000 warrants with a fair value of $43

 the Company sold&#13;236
667 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $355

536 consisting of $46
150 in cash and 23
667 warrants with a fair value of $34

 the Company sold&#13;416
668 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $625

791 consisting of $81
250 in cash and 41
667 warrants with a fair value of $60

 the Company sold 133
333&#13;shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $200

796 consisting of $26
000 in cash and 17
333 warrants with a fair value of $56

 the Company granted&#13;14
000 warrants to a consultant upon termination of the original agreement. The shares were valued at grant date and the Company&#13;recorded $35

 the Board agreed to&#13;amend a previously issued stock option grant awarded to the Board members. Instead of the 50
000 options (10
000 per member)
 the&#13;Company issued each member 8
000 shares of restricted stock. The options were originally granted on April 23
 2014 with a grant&#13;date fair value of $136
587. The Company reclassified this amount from stock based compensation to common stock issued for services&#13;on the Consolidated Statements of Equity. The shares were not issued as of January 31

 2014
 the Company issued&#13;a convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#147;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#148; as discussed in Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck&#13;Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200

 the Company sold 66
668&#13;shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $100
000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;stock. The shares were not issued as of January 31

258 consisting of $13
000 in cash and 8
667 warrants with a fair value of $20

 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;223
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 1
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;318
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;541
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;428
845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;541
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;434
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;59
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.95&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(104
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496

404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;2.71 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;481
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;4.25 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4

 2015 and 2014
 the total&#13;intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $219
332 and $1
082
808

 2015
 the Company&#13;has $3

 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;505
400&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 1
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;386
667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;203
334&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(98
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027

027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;3.12 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027

 2015
&#13;the Company terminated a consulting agreement which resulted in the forfeiture of 98

 2015 and 2014
 the total&#13;intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $227
430 and $1
635
801


 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;223
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 1
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;318
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;541
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;428
845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;541
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;434
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;59
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.95&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(104
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.04&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496




    


    
    

    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    



    


    

    


    
    

    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the&#13;&amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22

 turkey meatballs with sauce
 and other similar meats and sauces. The Company&amp;#146;s customers are&#13;located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast

 2013
 the Company
 Mascot&#13;Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&amp;#147;Merger Sub&amp;#148;)
 MamaMancini&amp;#146;s
&#13;Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&amp;#147;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s&amp;#148;) and an individual (the&#13;&amp;#147;Majority Shareholder&amp;#148;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) pursuant&#13;to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&amp;#146;s
 with MamaMancini&amp;#146;s surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of the Company (the &amp;#147;Merger&amp;#148;). The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding capital&#13;stock of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&amp;#146;s shareholders (the &amp;#147;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s Shareholders&amp;#148;)
&#13;pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock. Immediately after the Merger was consummated
 and further&#13;to the Agreement
 the majority shareholders and certain affiliates of the Company cancelled a total of 103
408
000 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock held by them (the &amp;#147;Cancellation&amp;#148;). In consideration of the Cancellation of such common&#13;stock
 the Company paid the Majority Shareholder in aggregate of $295
000 and 800
000 shares of common stock and released the other&#13;affiliates from certain liabilities. In addition
 the Company has agreed to spinout to the Majority Shareholder all assets related&#13;to the Company&amp;#146;s real estate management business within 30 days after the closing. As a result of the Merger and the Cancellation

 2015 are those of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s. As a result of this Merger
&#13;the equity sections of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s for all prior periods presented reflect the recapitalization described above and are&#13;consistent with the January 31



 2014
 MamaMancini&amp;#146;s&#13;Holdings
 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) changed its fiscal year end date to January 31. The Company&amp;#146;s 2014 fiscal year&#13;commenced on February 1
 2014 and concludes on January 31
 2015. The Company changed its year end to be consistent with a significant&#13;number of its retail customers that have a fiscal year end on or near January 31. This allows the Company to more accurately account&#13;for accrued discounts and promotions to these retailers. The Company determined that recasting the prior year comparable period&#13;ended January 31

 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence

 situation&#13;or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating&#13;its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly

 and in&#13;the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability&#13;include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets&#13;in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to&#13;food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#146;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others


&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the receivable&#13;net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had reserves of $2

 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;301
170&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;159

 the&#13;fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between&#13;willing parties

 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds.&#13;In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering
 all&#13;costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month&#13;ended January 31
 2014 were $346
192
 $1
604
000 and $102
166
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company&#13;expensed $330
538 of deferred issuance costs related to the aborted offering of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock

 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended&#13;January 31
 2014 were $100
864
 $19
408 and $8
477

 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable

 sales&#13;discounts

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; line-height: 115%&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12
725
100&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9
282
562&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;796
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;385
844&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;540
941&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;20
925&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12
339
256&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;8
741
621&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;775

 freight
 packaging

 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were $3
104
088
 $2
440
424 and $232
481

 &amp;#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring

 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted&#13;stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative&#13;expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided

 2015&#13;and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 share-based compensation amounted to $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681
&#13;respectively. Of the $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681 recorded for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the&#13;one month ended January 31
 2014
 $171
981
 $731
894 and $43

 2015
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock


667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
683


333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;428
845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
854


333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;434
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
189

 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the effect of considering&#13;any common stock equivalents


 in the opinion of management

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 in May 2014. The amendments in&#13;this Update supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 including most industry-specific&#13;revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 the amendments supersede the cost&#13;guidance in Subtopic 605-35
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#151;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts&lt;/i&gt;
 and create new Subtopic&#13;340-40
 &lt;i&gt;Other Assets and Deferred Costs&amp;#151;Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;. In summary
 the core principle of Topic 606 is that&#13;an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This Accounting Standards Update is the final&#13;version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2011-230&amp;#151;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/i&gt;(Topic 605) and Proposed Accounting Standards&#13;Update 2011&amp;#150;250&amp;#151;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 605): Codification Amendments
 both of which have been deleted. Accounting&#13;Standards Update 2014-09. The amendments in this Update are effectively for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2016

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-12
 Compensation- Stock Compensation. The amendments in this update apply&#13;to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance&#13;target can be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting&#13;Standards Update EITF-13D&amp;#151;Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the&#13;Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period
 which has been deleted.&#13;The proposed amendments would apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of&#13;the award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update&#13;is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-13D&amp;#151;Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718):&#13;Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite&#13;Service Period
 which has been deleted. The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within&#13;those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014&amp;#150;15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#150; Going Concern.&#13;&lt;/i&gt;The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management&amp;#146;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt&#13;about a company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
&#13;management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This Accounting Standards&#13;Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013&amp;#150;300&amp;#151;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic&#13;205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Going Concern Presumption

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2014-16 (ASU 2014-16)
 &lt;i&gt;Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in&#13;the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in this ASU do not change the current criteria in U.S.&#13;GAAP for determining when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid financial instrument is required. The&#13;amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features
 including the embedded derivative feature being&#13;evaluated for bifurcation
 in evaluating the nature of the host contract. The ASU applies to all entities that are issuers of
&#13;or investors in
 hybrid financial instruments that are issued in the form of a share and is effective for public business entities&#13;for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic&#13;835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related&#13;to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
&#13;consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments&#13;in this ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
&#13;and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have&#13;not been previously issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual&#13;period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity&#13;is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature&#13;of and reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description of the prior-period information that&#13;has been retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e.


 2014
 MamaMancini&amp;#146;s&#13;Holdings
 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) changed its fiscal year end date to January 31. The Company&amp;#146;s 2014 fiscal year&#13;commenced on February 1
 2014 and concludes on January 31
 2015. The Company changed its year end to be consistent with a significant&#13;number of its retail customers that have a fiscal year end on or near January 31. This allows the Company to more accurately account&#13;for accrued discounts and promotions to these retailers. The Company determined that recasting the prior year comparable period&#13;ended January 31


 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence

 situation&#13;or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating&#13;its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly


 and in&#13;the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability&#13;include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local&#13;markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining&#13;to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#146;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others




&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the&#13;receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had reserves of $2


 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;301
170&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;159

    

 the&#13;fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between&#13;willing parties


 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds.&#13;In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering
 all&#13;costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month&#13;ended January 31
 2014 were $346
192
 $1
604
000 and $102
166
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company&#13;expensed $330
538 of deferred issuance costs related to the aborted offering of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock


 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended&#13;January 31
 2014 were $100
864
 $19
408 and $8
477

    

 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable

 sales&#13;discounts

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; line-height: 115%&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12
725
100&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9
282
562&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;796
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;385
844&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;540
941&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;20
925&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12
339
256&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;8
741
621&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;775


 freight
 packaging


 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were $3
104
088
 $2
440
424 and $232
481


 &amp;#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring

 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted&#13;stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative&#13;expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided

 2015&#13;and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 share-based compensation amounted to $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681
&#13;respectively. Of the $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681 recorded for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the&#13;one month ended January 31
 2014
 $171
981
 $731
894 and $43

 2015
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31


 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock


667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
683


333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;428
845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
854


333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;434
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
189

 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the effect of considering&#13;any common stock equivalents



 in the opinion of management


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 in May 2014. The amendments in&#13;this Update supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 including most industry-specific&#13;revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 the amendments supersede the cost&#13;guidance in Subtopic 605-35
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#151;Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts&lt;/i&gt;
 and create new Subtopic&#13;340-40
 &lt;i&gt;Other Assets and Deferred Costs&amp;#151;Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;. In summary
 the core principle of Topic 606 is that&#13;an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This Accounting Standards Update is the final&#13;version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2011-230&amp;#151;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/i&gt;(Topic 605) and Proposed Accounting Standards&#13;Update 2011&amp;#150;250&amp;#151;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 605): Codification Amendments
 both of which have been deleted. Accounting&#13;Standards Update 2014-09. The amendments in this Update are effectively for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2016

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-12
 Compensation- Stock Compensation. The amendments in this update apply&#13;to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance&#13;target can be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting&#13;Standards Update EITF-13D&amp;#151;Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the&#13;Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period
 which has been deleted.&#13;The proposed amendments would apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of&#13;the award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update&#13;is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-13D&amp;#151;Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718):&#13;Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite&#13;Service Period
 which has been deleted. The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within&#13;those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014&amp;#150;15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#150; Going Concern.&#13;&lt;/i&gt;The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management&amp;#146;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt&#13;about a company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
&#13;management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&amp;#146;s&#13;ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This Accounting Standards&#13;Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013&amp;#150;300&amp;#151;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic&#13;205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#146;s Going Concern Presumption

 the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2014-16 (ASU 2014-16)
 &lt;i&gt;Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in&#13;the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in this ASU do not change the current criteria in U.S.&#13;GAAP for determining when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid financial instrument is required. The&#13;amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features
 including the embedded derivative feature being&#13;evaluated for bifurcation
 in evaluating the nature of the host contract. The ASU applies to all entities that are issuers of
&#13;or investors in
 hybrid financial instruments that are issued in the form of a share and is effective for public business entities&#13;for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board issued Accounting issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic&#13;835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related&#13;to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
&#13;consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments&#13;in this ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
&#13;and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have&#13;not been previously issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual&#13;period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity&#13;is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature&#13;of and reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description of the prior-period information that&#13;has been retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e.


 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;301
170&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;159

    

 sales&#13;discounts

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; line-height: 115%&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12
725
100&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9
282
562&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;796
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;385
844&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;540
941&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;20
925&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Net Sales&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;12
339
256&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;8
741
621&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;775



667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;496
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
683


333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;428
845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
854


333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;434
177&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
189



 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
060
066&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;16
887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4
525&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;274
567&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
733&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
351
520&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
034
689&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;226
775&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;56
662&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
124
745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;978

 2015 and 2014
 fixed&#13;assets in the amount of $0 and $826
340
 respectively

 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 amounted to $170
113
 $33
891&#13;and $4
141



 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
060
066&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;16
887&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4
525&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;274
567&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
733&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
351
520&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
034
689&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;226
775&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;56
662&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
124
745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;978


 2014
 the Company entered&#13;into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#147;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&amp;#147;Manatuck&amp;#148;)&#13;whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#147;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#148;) in favor of Manatuck. The&#13;Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck&#13;Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s restricted common stock. Subsequent to January 31
&#13;2015


 a debt&#13;discount of $458
750 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares granted to Manatuck.&#13;The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line&#13;method which approximates the interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of interest expense&#13;in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $412
553 as of January 31


 N.A. plus (a) 2.5%&#13;on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory.&amp;#160;The term loan&#13;bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

150
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;350
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;600

    
    
    
    
    

    



027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;3.12 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027


 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;505
400&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 1
 2013 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;386
667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;892
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;922
067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.22&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;203
334&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(98
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027
401&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
027


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    



    


    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2014
 the Company entered&#13;into a Loan and Security Agreement (&amp;#147;Loan and Security Agreement&amp;#148;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&amp;#147;EGC&amp;#148;).&#13;The total facility is for an aggregate principal amount of up to&lt;font style=color: red&gt; &lt;/font&gt;$3
100

150
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;350
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;600

 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances&#13;made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of&#13;the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility&#13;is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year period. The Company is required to pay a one-time&#13;facility fee equal to 2.25% of the total $3
100
000 facility. In the event of default

 2014
 the Company also&#13;entered into a 5 year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#147;EGC Note&amp;#148;) with EGC. The EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly&#13;installments of $10
000. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event&#13;of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured&#13;by all of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the note was $560
000 as of January 31

 in connection with the&#13;Loan and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer entered into a Guarantee Agreement with EGC


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



    


    

    
    
    
    



    

    


    



    

    



 2015&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(1
376
168&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(81
819&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(369
301&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(21
825&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
745
469&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;103

 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 available to offset taxable&#13;income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there&#13;be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis&#13;of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers.&#13;The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $8.8M and $4.8M at January 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not&#13;be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the&#13;periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled&#13;reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After&#13;consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future&#13;realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended January 31
&#13;2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the change in the valuation allowance was $1
745
469 and $103

 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the&#13;Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized


 2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 respectively. As of January 31
&#13;2015 and 2014

 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3
855
903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
044
894&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3
855
903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
044
894&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(3
754
914&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(2
009
445&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;100
989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;35
449&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(100
989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(35
449&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(100
989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(35

 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(34.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(34.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;State income tax


 2015&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(1
376
168&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(81
819&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(369
301&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(21
825&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1
745
469&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;103


 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3
855
903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
044
894&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3
855
903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2
044
894&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(3
754
914&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(2
009
445&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;100
989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;35
449&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(100
989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(35
449&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(100
989&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(35


 2015 &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;One Month Ended January 31
 2014&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; line-height: 115%&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(34.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(34.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;State income tax

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    

 2014
 the Company&#13;entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Sale and Security Agreement&amp;#148;) with Faunus Group International
 Inc.&#13;(&amp;#147;FGI&amp;#148;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables and inventory (the &amp;#147;FGI&#13;Facility&amp;#148;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three year term (the &amp;#147;Original Term&amp;#148;) and shall be&#13;extended automatically for an additional one year for each succeeding term unless written notice of termination is given by either&#13;party at least sixty days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof. The Company and certain of its affiliates&#13;also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the Sale and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Guaranty&#13;Agreements&amp;#148;). The Company also granted FGI a security interest in and lien upon all of the Company&amp;#146;s right

 FGI can&#13;elect to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&amp;#147;Purchased Accounts&amp;#148;) up to 70% of the value of such receivables (retaining&#13;a 30% reserve). At FGI&amp;#146;s election
 FGI may advance the Company up to 70% of the value of any Purchased Accounts

000. Additionally

 2015
 the Company terminated its agreement with FGI and paid off all obligations&#13;due at the payoff date. Upon termination
 additional fees and accrued interest of approximately $48

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;2.71 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;481
404&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;9
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;4.25 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;2.97&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;4

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2015
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 51%; line-height: 115%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 45%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;18
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;b&gt;78

    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.00001 par value; 20
000




 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 26
407
376 and 24
187
375 shares issued and outstanding



      



 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 and 833
333 shares



      


      


      










































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      


      


      






      






      


      






      


      





      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      



 Discounts


      










      


      










      


      














      










      

      


      


      


      






      


 plant and equipment



      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      





      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      










      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      




      


      






      


      


      


      

      










      


      


      


      


      


      
























 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Weighted Average Exercise Price















 Weighted Average Exercise Price



 Weighted Average Exercise Price



      

      








      
































 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Weighted Average Exercise Price















 Weighted Average Exercise Price



 Weighted Average Exercise Price











      


      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      







      

      

      

      

      

      




      





 Value
 Share-based Compensation


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant





      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      








 Plant and Equipment



 Plant and Equipment



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period


      


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
$ 2
526
$ 132
803
$ 8
640
        


Faunus Group International
 Inc. [Member] | Guaranty Agreements [Member]
        
        
        
        


Purchased eligible accounts receivables
 percentage
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
The greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50%
above the prime rate.
        
        


Collateral management fees
 percentage of average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts
        
        
        
        


        
        
500
000
        
        


One-time facility fee
 percentage of credit facility upon entry into Sale and Security Agreement
        
        
        
        


        
        
48
600
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
$ 1
500
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 3
855
903
$ 2
044
894


        
3
855
903
2
044
894


        
(3
754
914)
(2
009
445)


Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
100
989
35
449


        
(100
989)
(35
449)


        
(100
989)
(35
449)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 before jurisdictional netting.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 before jurisdictional netting.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        
        
        
        


Range of exercise price
 higher limit
        
        
        
        


        
1
027
401
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Warrants Outstanding
        
        
        
        


        
1
027
401
922
067
892
067
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Warrants Exercisable
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`CE+5F
`(``.XA```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M+_O'25H!.:3ML8W4]`&V]H`M[%UK=Y/VW=M$E1%!(2*U.\`GMG/BSTN\S





OF_3U+HFG-K#L;G?CT&O.3-^W36EB2LJ?;/6JR^2Y0YY.

=ABMO-W@^]ST]&M]4E-T;'[^9+L7@FY;_=G[]R[EU?KS(

M


M(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&E
MNTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:,D0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
M
V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B(F=I%




`


8CWU7*;U:JR)T=;\[=H=*?7_Z




M(76CNS64X]AR')+#7BNX5.P^AFVLV436D
C)K)`(FLVD34DLK)+)#(AMW)

S.

(LRBX)


\+Z_^%+']`P``






M+WHE%#V9:U-P2Z99]
N5$3PKET+8(N^'@\&H7WI@IWE?F(AI[/92KN=;HN


FE%=A
D9.J-



M





D]0`-
M@1`./0HGM&@*P6;\C1%)K]+M('8GE)@WX`

M7Q#7T


M9_)



/





MSGL'&)INXY[Z_KSR_:XX\3KO/''F#?QS$&V=]W#9'OWNW/)\/]Q45SY!*/+K




5LN99P9('O*POQ
M2$PQC?X_(E^Y


1'9+2)*)H@A%LI@N5@)AM+5;&-HHE7R

)1`PG4E
OD!;-3[]LF;-BZ$.R6266G:*4@T%`)CE%!B2DYU

MAE9&
AT1X031A$X&&-JCKVB78$M[
-&J4E`0I9T$21!;P:4Z((#H&+9]UQ&$

M0L

2J`!Q)BCU(:D(1A$T!W
;9:&
MP!Y.HIG'C$'.G.4QJ`EEC))Y0HTQ*(RV;&]DNDKIAPY9I;+44



M)`'$C_HAEJ-'BV'9Z\APE]E;8JOQ[49


M]?48U&0S\F&9O8.SELR'JB;H+C&#_F'VCM3$0/]CC







Z

+D
M\^=O+O9
FZ;:VC9/KK2(N<4J6L(O9U87<0.O]<7F

59*TF$!BX'/`
MK


M?826XQN07HE`A%/$4@M3]`:$.#W-R&HROD.(7AO`OL0?J)%-Y8I4@@6;AN

UR?P*`TK
MX9P'E\!$O;XB4@PCK7!.YFM%L*Y5BUL@

.)\H]^;$V!.O:M
LBD!A%FVX(=4
D#6H\WPGHYC-B$:R+
M76F!E!A%K&X(=4
D#2M/G#?'(IXH@/YCN!=&8290J_/C+-Z=JVI!U($3^Q
MA!-+U%J@RV

M%6N[!S`(8_FKBJ5%=D'/AT%O.&6M8GT-CM
]BU0LIV
Y:A6TOM`CS7-N).R&

U`Z%DZDM1RW




M$.J+F



[`7XV5\6-R




\QOVF'V&@/_


6V9825J

M??31_KCRX.



``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

MG)M9;^
Z$H7?!YC_8/B]8^UV@B07K85:!Q@
9GEV.TIBM&T%MKMS^]\/*5(V


_'O_^M_OW;O_]\-JVQXF


\]QHMEVN=Y-=82[
M_24QNN?G]:I-N]6/;;L[ZB#[=K
\ROX?7M=OAR':=G5)N.UR__W'VY=5MWV3






M:@X:QOY





MK#664P
X3^(HX(DU:(9)F'$@.



XB0%





MC

M`
D-&1:P*%RP*5E`FQ)(!:0&TMB$&B;GTA43T%-RGE%\RV-$MF&ZV9FDH
F`

MD`)(:04@-I;$+]XA7]916J-U+9AWQI-R+;-ZCL09
!$4!R(`60$D@%I`;2
MV(0:];E27OT3GB=8R):-V(ALHWAQGX(F

\2LWF/SD8?-(4@!I`12`:F!-#:A
M?JD:^`J_=
E
_();$!ZOJQ
@*9`




M9Y(!$4!R((4A)L\C



-FT






M;C++

M4

M3*M'.

M7PVI:13I]/NV%%6RRL'N3^8GZ8F[N;F@+[*T$E)L:@OH;!)Z:?/$GMC`M)BM
M
[``W6Y4?#
W7]DT9B/37LP:!_W
^%'V_C;D3AQ_J[+U'UG)P=L0)XS`2HAW






M'I60*Q^+


#`M0WXWJ2G-0B
M&-5BTJ#\B![TI;FA)NT*1$7$EXAPTD$4L9`'CXM%




MO@%*Q\*9JZ*!DFYJL6\&H96H81!L_MS!X
]A-'`L`&^$J$\W^(+N7PF+_P``
M`/__`P!02P


X%'T?:?\#XKV`$R`E2C(J=+L[THPT6NW'
M

M[_.
/XKL5/*JI2`-+](6^
MC7LM+M#*[)5R9-L^G^BX390TAMGF1MV\JJ&V5
MV?+;H1)-NBU@W:_



(XLP`C9:(`



M_5H_6BJL$8

3!CX?



MH5(M]/O3ZP`0%\U:%#47R=9;._[`I+^+@))/17$\8$T8E)`:#%YH6D.UV
M+1!L9C:U(,Q:3%G4V(08BQ&J%-!


M^)C00B?T.1$$FT2


*`SEN:UOUR35Z2GC#M0
M)]3,F?F1]O?[G2E=-V.)?KBH(@WLB0W!6?KA0%_

3NW_;_TYXF*E[
M5#\`U_0Z/?`?:7/(*VD5?`]3/;5E&[KHTT
K:G59WHH6+NCJZQ%^D'&X7WH.

$%``&``@````A`$4UR.
*!```U0T`







G(0JC#P0$


#WA(D2';*;TR`=D8T(



-

MF$J


MG



``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/[N

K%^)\X-:+_J&YIP)5DH;Z!PC]#+F6^?6
M`:;MIJ`0@;+=XJ1
T;VWSF+D;#?:G]^4G
7DV1(5.W_AM/A&6P)F0YI4`@Z
M/2OH8Z&VX&7GXNT'G8#OWI(B4^U_,'.7PD]5A*R'4%`*JYU\981D8.A0&/[
MD6+*60TX&HU5%4&&()?]?U


ME5I5-$K^SFQ
I?GQ_
/[=R!S1':)B&]'R$PLU
'U8A4X14`^VA;X(ZV1;RQ
M]MT+DL`-ENJG-_W`)'

;/6%29K-_#4CH2'\2/:DKH65LY.:K3[$


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````



MLA:

ORA#WPY%*R2FD2P0JJ0+\\Y[7LV
ID

=E]/%1?T6

XO1A
MAN==R





(U:]U'AP

'=D:0CJ$*22X10BQT*(V24:LFXL6:$C
MA@[]O*F948G@%V[0Q1_W((-'48O1AJB'3F^U\]QAS`=V=ZB!
&&$J
[(PW!


1-W

8.YW][9-'WF


.S5T




M_P


U+GAM;)1576^;



0U'+PH6$93GAUKVBA#(FA%
M%.B7)6MESU9GU]#51#P=VYN

MFUS0URP37/)64!G&Z&7,2_MI0U,FW7.(`)M.Q*T2/=NTI#;&_6G3\_&3W)


@DE

K`#6;5
MMAMONPO'=6?GH?_I;YCSOA\O_Q`8W::[F0M74W&@.UI5$F7\J#N7!^X
JT-3







MA61#F70!




M

V;`9S9`S'\?Q##X[%408

^]_S0ZCG5`']7+L8Q2).7/]8;H-F




$%``&``@````A`#PHBJ/S`@``-0@``!D`

MX-()52MAO+$FE):BQ
UI(&[N2
UUC)2\LT7*LVY175FN;0=6C6F#M
.&

W<7%_8U33D3+)<FV%D:]#+G:^O:`J?=-J.0@2J[

V-]


``/__`P!02P

%_`!`B)
MDJP.E].NU$I5M=L^$^(DZ`.@)R<\^\[9KC8)IO0ER2

]N;K1Y%K
M[[2J


MSRR2K-31PKJ:8X

M)G4MO=8-*_Y%$.E
H1&[
P+?G1%[






ER


48`.#=4C3-N2
D[3_9N7L*XDNJE

M19V_OPB=^3$W#E:YC=G$FD+






M\
7))/.=-#@$=0W.G1:)
-XZOJHD)H)$X@LG=8GOO/;6:BGM8JFVMPZ$4T29




_]^JRA`NE74]4&%/GT\IZJZBW;^
M[;/(E0]6U1DO%ZJI&:KRI1OLG*W4'_\\_82J$K=).4FR7G)%NH7J]5ORU]_
MF9]X]5[O&6L48CKA;IOFL-





M$YYH8CK^);%GTN-2H(P)-XVX6:B\;CEF';MB




3RO%92?L13H`7[W'!W.*&^6OA
+-V/\.2*]_5A``Z.












MF=#-M\N48%/F++`M5)BTEQEYL6GP1JUJ0NU`H04




M=7NUG)X!8-\'3:TL19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC

M.69EN`YQC7=70/$H`UZ?W7=D'81B

54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRW
MO6W8Q

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88J
MK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P
'%P@


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU7
M69O8G
O!Y+EJ

\9BD
Q
O91&\

MH[-)L;X!P?O20%V=%U+)A/BJZ*SR/:=O8U+:5\IH@8A.

M09\QE7#C82J?H'K.6UM,^46YS3IBI=B!F?',4MG)9;G:)9)ENX*4BY#.:M



M:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%
M]
2BS:IG60'


MVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C

M2P
$%``&``@````A`+*#-Z.#```ZG,```T```!X;]S='EL97




L
MPJ4;/$[TOS]8%R-=V\1VL+2]

1P6:B





ME


M7$[T2UU+3)Z%2P#QAY^W8?SM[Y(_[_[T[EWW/]]\^Z\?G.6_?_QC^;L?O]$[

M

MZUM]:RC5



Y4@4.15@D15]D2KR.A




+:%`?PB
3`2SF
P3@!!4(
M\!2NE`
6W%<VDWD*@%S3#AP,`6JFL*K&J2@QQ.V1:00%\.$!!:.NG&O
M5U7SE1%BBY@*!B!
H(;(15A`#Q*LH)$`S=BG)$&`D%5
MA2318*@JD12#JAI9N,)052()!%45DGI58FD&%352.(*52620`!&E%1(Z@E5

GZ&[O!R.LQ%3HATZVKC51+IV?%EC:$U%K
M.5O4US;F=R*#;V[71D@M`Q)U1BPP:0:`_H[Q2`]#6E*0R2&43AZ)0=+H0F
MG-+U0H+B

MC4

(S`FR9`WR9`1LDE#RY





M!D_:[6^`I?DB6*@*BQ)8!9H;8DM%6#%HP)


&UDI`TNBA67L

TS5#@AJ
=%

=0SQU?P'G+(;^--F8GFQ]2%:^G,3)*Y4%4ZFLD!LC0U\'(.
M@@N:&TUE@?I$5A^L);+@SB*-94%@I++P8ILEPE1TA07[)+*XKD?')O[O,C
MNRRMP(4FB^BL@H_XMR5R`*3F\HJ_`B.H[+`Y*:RC\0B++!5-915^!]0

5KR$1P45E%7[D8[4O&*M45N%'/E;1Y*:X
MC^5

M#J

PYXB78
!'$4!_@:?6P0/Q-.`E


#9]13=.]LXLO/XXU/*$3F'F^4ELO@2T3RC)?L
MKF[I_/


M@*BEL[*W7OR0?SG1B_=_9?=EA6!*?_6]^R6


M]C&3]$'V7
R@I]MB[AVQ8L4Z_.L0L;_^MX^WH^Q]
9L/)^/??;:SM?U95HS[

M[&:QF'[UQ1?S_DUQF\^W)M-BS]7D]EMON?L^LOYM-9D0_F-T6QN!U]L;N]







M0YMJ=[^W\U3_/%A/1P^5F4^+_F+XOABU-.9H@!#AQ5$;4\?A..OGTR%JU&1K




Z!E^*)?RK?37.VLA]/.B

1;V+[+O
Y2-;W:[0$%#9?_JX87M\(+.:X

JFNO9/_^JKB]+&8M

MKGBN-(#W/!\6
A=B



IJ/NE15IK=`
MX
HA43MZON?Q5;-4]K+*PX
F-??PO/7\S[!R=:#8)*1F
6W1C9!E#43L)LHP
MA:)U93
^K

.$WCYY(C(1G72TA'+=



SH=.2F2M#ZR!E[Y5'
X

M14#Y&\O6KWA2.?SUSQB.?;Z

MCC+AD]S\?(T_?ZU$Z0Y!U^N?1677VVVFISK7#W__KV:E*WNDC?OA[__[V
WK







[D6Q.
MF`%LS
M5YAQ=SPI/#YOYH':G98=E1B5
#QD)F$4%LPC&)/MP
R0SILTH.6.J
M=ZN]'`1!02J'5-_8IYK.!SEJ_)4=(
A_+R=D2OK0W1$1:8=$:$W4L=](!'R6


A
MK4XN.`:*T'6&I%XX'8[-M/MF=BY!&N!!(GKB

0$3KI$!.
M
M=J39?1

HL;*AZF2M)R:SY
MPT

0/@0HV-
MN9VX77:7B9%W(H&;=18

U2BS:SR%AH/%EQ-P)#G^PMP
NE1$G'L





=I;ZUOV^'\^_=W+R#

M
+/4CK2C9(SX23L^HDR[_WA0
VOF.WPV0Z?*NE0&KZPUF[$
T^AE=17
'X%S


/)


$P042J.:
YV9OQ@WJ3VJ9:Y7))I5?URGT2S:C)IA
ME^R&MBJ
QXCS

S*8-5R/B3?X
M`3XV

AD*T-Y8'
MS&?3U2;1TML!38ER1['0I)Y%DXZ?R3/(C%A6\+[I%BC.&E41,KA=*NB%&X
Y%BX$*

0#7H




MEKX$/@1ZPOFW2I*/IQ8?E-_\






S#P6&8F-O_[W\R7=
M)AL[O<-M+\Z*HQL[V[N]'4ZER5NEPW86-!X<#DQ5<F:F\[/61A$/%IB!MW;
MV^X=[#UU:\BF6]T@IISO%'#:W(URDQ5?9HU.\7O;S0BL=WD
=6Q^A.:ZN?




(GF5I'`N

M'NUZEB7

M0+3%
D&3_/*GQB_=(YWA%%XI?Q*&:]CM_=;X?B3Q7$QH3/#L):[SJ^P\L*N7






MO!C+$\IJA7P26^V98DZM'
M/VP-TG



6LPX5Y-G

#/(LV*0]N9V`K+:R;_U4

F?G+DUUGK]NF/2R&.`E3AK

M?14A]0`02!G7LN=+U
0389ZBP-HXE-5.PD:'8*JG#-(SZ9LOB%C^5J**DJP
M4_8SUQ]DG=)OQ9*YT6!,@2]:JT6%`DA.])`#$K!J)TK(+:P'OHJE)/HLO;)
M]TEPJO&FO+X

:11

.P&

L07@4CVKQBU..O[Y`^8&0&/`C\7W[9GZ\1
MD/
3N=&3TI2\45@5FE]


MXF+I_M

?U%`%

Y`\V5



MTC)D:2YVC:LY%E838N


MI'3'#LX/`F@UQ1:%6T@LP3Z\#7#8T1Q:'9)M%LD0Z_G03O5QR.VCL0%+@Q8;

0Q8[E@U`[

]]HL9H7.+\$^#J:PA+LAM\$W(L2Y[

M;V4G^!PK@):.W56J5UF


1N25[Z[4'K

M*:W=\IT[7.37[)52

T`8
U!:=JF)2S%BQ


&
5SQC
T0HFDA(!@
@\P#XRF7$:E2X(J^'TGCW

M&L&-2$

_&)
MX*LXN'/L8J+9Z=C+D'4M]@P8H`T\;.T#)V)F%4UM@<82QG(QUQD;B;S8)
+

IQAOB^8M
ML=W2.+-QB(ED-JBE8X=!^Q


*Z1+
MI+FW7MY=Q;@23+KQX^NMVKW&*7994;\#D)6K)
UJ.D(M&-AB;CON*BUBF:6*
M_K6I@O!Q?0(N1%D/5M*6!F(MFJNIA&AF
#H)MER192S%G'BK;.SL=PUH
2
8

_:-C;3_B</





M^77NV


D@T&=R



M&+_





MY#K6H9H%T+629HW._0:$N^PH6KP4\Z]YQE


`@:XL.
@XQSA2]!8=K7ND^!60Z`&H7?6_1V@N

M*X]IQN68:W=`VEQ1P9B*SQ4:2/'Y%3AF02]VX9KMQX9B`JOA!B#2O_TU)_7/


MAHN@5LT1D/R*MPZ'Q1]5TDW
I$'7+.]QRW2_`6O'#WKKY:K$]^Q?.EM`(T^?



M+Z`-)OG$A)*?*\F\1H_E%_6UVA*K+!-LY12X6


M0YN.W/J5I:ID6'[#K'?*YUC`Y!93\-7=P@:(QCYM0Q'.^XGE%NI09)JK9=)L



X[+ZT/1UDU
DJ%5%ZL[WGS=\`;0UDQ?
M0KT7R)6N&A\7RYD`WP?@W[%_?=SJSS;2BV^/2[UFP0UR3!()6(@JZ1$IR[
MTO=LQ7#*8V4+@-E[YRK+U?_HRHRN\QSZ\O??7;_^.;47:+QD^[
Z/[)

M=B1C0]=W!^

:]%
U*0=
-8Z$Z!*Y63ES_\K__1%$4:-N)GZ[CL


H

M*[J?V?!%E8Q%EF@OW_F1Q





9.1M

@$3=RIMX@)


'OFW\
M-^*1


0Q&.U
$$9+6AQS@OXJ


M]R@*F2HV?








@A]T]3;#+_Y)SV`FHWY)'/D_%`DD_8^7OGC)P-Z^2

B
C(^




'MH9M//&*



MFY#Z




M`\-/P]]0J9
+T]5!#T
8B/)+X2-)QR3OO
X`:
%A\-%M-^(2*RX.J?U^Y+U-


P('8'ZI&B%=M^-L+Q:Z/1/\XF59C_M
9QG^_R[M:&<


MMEAUVMK0;!T!/?[Q/ERQUZ-Y`M/*&47R\Y
![0]B)*851VD69S095CN$WPA]




F





M(3M=J'2]6Q*]XF/TYD5J;#*)04(UE0B2B[)MG+J8#!:)1S8V&'J$T*RB)6
MD$?J[KS.[4H;D/I



M'Z/
F
(H(QWP'_
HDSM]0O9E_&H&
(E!9Y;Q3=DHI%@U*@.?O*IXYAB%%%7\
M#P-PM&KCN!1OAON4V35
RR5@Z



M_J'^00N!PF.D


MYPQ%C
9;/%%J*CT/:LXE(Q%F0T:=@U_N7E0




M\.O[GI&95YQ?3L_MS09]J

MEP4LVT\'X#TVI
4]H_D*-3XT_

GJRL.QE2




ML.7\]IV:(E[)MIU@=?L''-UO(BZN.N
@$2;DGW`3$;.0*H[H6+6G9-0QJ^FF






(7<ZL+;Y(3C3)69</7.4,0%(MZ+_<NYV_%8@ZVEV)S3'\&4.M.430


M7E-.A2X#1JB?@77BDF
.UXTUFY6+A?_U?H'94ZGV:3%[3O
(%R).'*]LIK5(

M?P0CQ
F)6TO.B

!Q




MTQO?5LW[E&;;J;`D:@'`(;J7NFR1B!;*8R;0?XE:.BA3.+V@WN[]O_OJTR-


/#=`^3ON'@2V2(/D+&/
M[PK;=P_3U;OO'J:I?$C)560NX']H#]-)P_8+;_5G*&SR-4F&*'.L
0U#PJA0


M.+=QY#Z9$%5[


W8A@S56?^4T





MNUB4`_A*3$`4\=WLTI:?MMVWI`FHCB2@NIM8MH2:B_
(L-6)`.(GT@8
T01.
1+S63F'_,HT\HOSU'FD4E,^8H5T#H&


H#[(#MM0R2956BL3&GYVH

+
MJ*YW=V:\=B*4T$^;BW<=^3:HNXEOU.IJ/@\Z42P4']+DR2:&5#W2)+UT=
P

M)*W.?3)E%/!7CMTU&&


0J=

MP+_?JQ4
=MP'A




M
10@\9?RS165.^:Z]=XKW#%H4/BL2/+4O51V2
J65-Z-D-&Z\*W3*=`!%'::
MI$(JF94#AX+0J$ZEHO$'W;B/IOOI[TT_:3_S5UPUOU:6-N06#MP!






&



['

M3:

M6C2)*YOXO3#SNU[R96X9%GB05T'<#';@GF<P+I/1C??Q8W-.X_E5H04JA9!
M/Q\_'MWKL-
LU3A)M1QG



;Y;?6T/#E%FFXQD*QO?R!/=*3A90U#;'S)+BQ

Z59E9HVB9-'7P]ZPU.263`ESBA4]
MD$








M5ZK##;$HA;S^\.ED=C6;ZKI0GOM




I2OGHL@V`/K-I[]@8!;0^N]FAN7H6<^,*NQ(\H\\9*Z
M.]=[IA1$5J]'*B*6R1D=C\#06?@G\SGAFSG]E5]__3GSCGVNOS9-G4R'#]E


[HN8DJY$D#6&
MWO#ZE15N(TTH3&&JZ9HF+G*=^#
1:RDZEI
#R?A14=?L^T'$.IESPNN/
W!

M5\GV;HH




M&!('@

ZG0C=KTD!B)-(Z3R+=3__
M8%H^




]@)LI^;E;RQI:Z/-\`IM

5?FQL#K)^8G
MV8KVI/4^_


MIU


`^
M)LI-6=*I=<\\B@Y&P^EV:KC0UPX#;1A!VW&M#@VG8[VW!$)AOOPO+F/:N@Z







MK[&M8

M

M5G7]P0L3CAD7I7?JNNX8D]L4+J?_J[.*$C'`=*RN8WF
-W
4
3MUBW?D.^8[
MV@BO(@7TM]!7.SXW!Q%S(UFK=^0MDW`T#]+.#`2V-9'^
?E^HXXZQR/H
MZA\```#__P


X%'T?:?X!\5X!&YLE2M)J*-5
2]/2
M:#3+



2#
M2+O-OH(

M=@54%




M9LN!%O4@NN,8#,1@M1`^)*0VUM`1S#*6,C&7614+5E38(M:LRBAA#53D)9





M='1`U4LT`(9G\-`6.15/=9DR*PCY##?/ZE$F[2XM6ZJ,&J+TB@,;'&
#
Q

M#-;NCO@AG
3#34,I$`A9P&-Q_.?R71/]I/_Q*VKH$(.+P[F$AM/FZA#&

:D-MG3+S7P6N/2WXLO^?ML6HZ

MY^W^!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`3()@:A



MRQ)Q3DHL3%:3OY)&2^QA'/+%%S@I


5

MI4CN%4N(8

=8CV-I=I$Q5X

OGO
?86=^^5*7U3(5DO$Z09[O(HG7*
U;O$_3KY^/-
A1#GY;
MLN#'3X)E7UE-(6QHDV[`CO,G+?V2Z5LPV+D8_=@VX+NP,IJ30ZE^\.-GRO:%
M@FX'4)N:Y6]/E90J!@8R\[93R$@#@TZJ87AD0'EIOX\L4T6_-`.(M?W


MUS&BNT;BK3.

M!IOK9];B!(%5/W

ES'N/$9L^#UL6CQEZ]
V
MJ1A--

V5






M%(;O)^T_(-\7
%.P45#%)R*TI&=H3O!S6U







MF3N@M%KF#K0L5N%@EZP(MTCIS5LL_G#Z







+`=F.`8
[__U6N<KV6^]Q`$\NFLZ34V]\JLKE4X;XX=<?N[?1GYO#<;M_




M%??:5

D3O?
M:T-W;9'

D'86

^?/+XOIXF'RIYOMZZA9!HW[M]7
;U-)A66R
M5$:A9^R_C=+K%IF\[210@TKJYNRW;%!%=-HFE]M9BXWFR[U`T&[=+^T[?I
M.2_V/==470;@:K?=E#
_58\D=2Q0

M8T=KL


NR-/#W89




M9Q?=RV/L&W'7;*U=!@UQS8'@0`80)O?
&-@:(I21U[C






K7N[5





M\AMH)!`%1`




AP?ZRB*B]:MVSJDBU85!5U7`2B`*B@1@@EI+4
M.
MOYR?Y#'





)1`'1

4`L):EUEMJN
MG.D]Z:W@[R^4042[@!

MBE;47LF`*`:B`%B*4G-#TIN94]RPYD.R2TVS
]O*O'+G\B2KJY(8$H(!J(


4`L):GQ00EMWI/09CR+1A$UWB2T


1CK



HJH
M=XAAH)%`%!`-Q`QE*1.!\4PM^[&WJPC8PBZC3&L.;9#%.6404TD4`4$`W$
M`+&4I


;O)^U_0-R/K_11DFF)JC;I+W2JVD?UPXX2I@
M9#M-^]_O'!RH;;HV[44))X^?_/SX8+S\_-C4S@/EHF+MR@V]P'5H6[R:@\K
M]]?/NT]SUQ&2M6I64M7[A
5[N?UQP_+
^/WXDBI=


MPY@4@W=_


ME]G%!:Z#2^C-DR1.Y]GU+/'%!:Z#2^1%\R1
TK=GY*MT^K!S(LEZR=G9@0Z&
M^8N.X/

M;@B&3PD+Y-#AUQ/CF*;_#D1E;S2Q.-2;.UKA6
$*%)KT=!L8UBAZ@T&LI0

M*F1]]R4!_)GLN3;`(

WM;7US.`U\?JSBX


7EP

Y-



M;@M





W$D:W)KZ%K
M,'_:=3<Y:SJ@V-:RE=-BIPFGS]N6\;QIH:\7X((YT=N?7-W]<
\%*Z0*=





MEC8UXT:M___SH1:--;XUJ=%H
`-WC@'U8`C]R=N)MO3


S+GAM;)Q676^;

7Z)E*=+MZ_VYQX.)!UI0J!Q@ZN42U4OW<






)HZ
!CC


MS`)8DI/_D:R+;
EA-&G\VF,PGB6Q'X\2=41'&03AARQ!F6?SR%5L64MO
MVRM@Z?2,UO9VF.*R+)HCB=[@YC1!AD
WPA?HP(

M=JR33D
K6-N^JW=?80X%
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,T+GAM;)16VXZ;,!!]K]1_0'Y?;@GDHI#5)K#M2JU4
M5;T\.V"M81[6QV_[YCG&3!1&SZ0L+
[2*+

W:\_?UH=&7\6!2'2`H9:1*B0LEDZ
MCD@+4F%ALX;4D,D9K[$6[YW1






98OP^8GL%$?8A\1`2+OJ09`@)



MMIOUS&P\FDUT=C@-ZFN@LTN.3X

M&\`Y8_)\HX[8RY?/^A\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`KXZP_%P
``#P(

Q+GAM;)15VXZ;
!1\K]1_0+PO



M#DSLCF1EZCZ@51:Y_F;=Y_.3LZ



H5LKVG0%)&=$:9SP




*+!9B;]3A



)


K`

F

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`13P%J[`



MQ:I1B$6!SS/*/)@EDVET&R2L5V0$/E%-MVLI3AY

[#=SXS)R(RUQ:4\
MUH$V#1FFF8ZAP61H3FOQ)(D;W)JYSHG-P+3UQ&.(
!E*#BJ:
O5+:9-@7%M)

-FELI&^!'3A

MS&
NQ3GDRED





`$##5FT)N9SHKI!1CD#ZCG`.#71FP!'N
)$@\';=


6
MDC1-7R`
Q^?


M)70UE4_;]BH5=0L4&UYQ_6I(B5.G\4/1$DW%?A^:8TW7.;AR/ZFJ=2*)%K
M%^@\F^BQY\B+/&!:+3


#/Z23L9QN*_U3[+XQ7I0:MGL&CM!8


*7O







[03![WXY9.!;9A\:&)J=;+0#44/B\(X
^4$
)WP



M4T!HF/SF9PE'/8
IY^-FYD+H_0

UH]0\W<H90/(@[!('G$28+8/`





&
8J=`?
MD@A]H'$C'T:9+10E8;2-0%D1B1!)%4)HHNF(:/ZV+&O:XQFSTGOBN&6HA(
MA$B
2()(*A
E8UA]Y(S94N`&




8HP2C-A]4NQ^(Z^?T'?TVN
M2'





M970Q-2YX;6R455UOFS`4?9^T_V#YO1A(TB0HI$I7=:NT2=.TCV?'F&`58V0[
M3?OO=VT3%DJ5I2^`+\?GW'-]N:QNGF6-GK@V0C4Y3J(8(]XP58AFE^-?/^^O








:CF)7#&
MT1SLZ#!RP\*J%G*'J:DL3$K_6

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(04^S-TP
``/X

M:&5E=#
R+GAM;)Q7VXZ;2!!]7VG_`?$^W`SX(MO1&#))I%TIBI+=9PQM&PW0
MB&Z/9_Y^JR@
='OBD/6#




M;8R



M%P
J&/R+.L']X*Z`&;
\@[6BG/1Y_UG:(=](\H@L&Q.V'DP74LO6SWME]@
M?=
.LR


M3U


MXC%&U8/'Q'0]=*B

M965T




M?26Y5D9E=@9T7IOHU//*6WG`M%FG$AQ@V8D664*W07P7A-3;K%V!_DIQ
(-G

B\L

M#P!.=L+8!XF4E/]L:KZUX(EU3+Y5*[9Y9MUEH=/0;T*9AN'N&(C/YP))



/3Z:']K;-VE

%T+FM#2I$!I^].CF[O@_;%J@9J`3-=69CC[K&`


$%``&``@````A`



V$
??

M\/P]M@?O^O.W^JQ\+=NN:BX;55\L5:6\%
V^NAPWZE]?HD^NJG1]?MGGY^92




P;!*I:
XP`/A7J2M2&J!(_FWX





@AE$

\[ZX$:65!]




.@QTVDC8[@R/D=BI4G3N)NLN&/`D%!I-+S)JL%P5BMI+44X
M4(Q1@F.G'-'8MN

[2'FE/7ZJZK0%%82D2*@ZA`+F
M:




M`/__`P!02P






VS[^`YO_


=-G`;Y




M-:2!M)`.TD.&4$Q@KNI8D-BQN8W



M2=`A`^6D@E22*E)-:D@MJ2/UI
&0R6\5%T4_?$X_;LG62YZB&6CT3L5^;G4:

MU)


M6*V$)R!/T5$R?DMG;C4/258^;%602E)%JDD-J25UI)XT&+*1NCG]@DC'$L!$

M-WQ6IU;SD`3E;%602E)%JDD-J25UI)XT&+*1NHID0:1C`6
B14VS7X$.I)Q4

M*D@EJ2+5I(;4DCI23QH
V4A=1;(@TK&`
9&BIMFO0`=23BI():DBU:2&U)(Z

M6E)'ZDF#(1OWLM)GS=+'4SC/)!U(.:D@E:2*5)
:4DOJ2#UI
&3S6U;ZK%GZ



2963YO3
MU9_]U&JFPT27Q\]D;U9GZ^C*?#ZWF
9R


I]&#%





=O%?H5-_.Y\D#*

M(;6DCM23!D
VOV75B884\O-%AAV2\5N%?D4S)$\K3BGG;%602E)%JDD-J25U
MI)XT&+*1ND(BG




AD]]VV83W

M^DGT?
;(V:H@E:2*5)
:4DOJ2#UI
&33=G/4EY\XM^.4-BS//)G1BHGO@:UR


4)+



M=%GILV/IX\D

G[S_FL[J_5:40GKF+:U+SUDE1-].0#UE.K\0$OSG4$

M/I(I%4`'MLI)!:DD5:2:U)!:4D?J28

ML8N4DPI22:I(-:DAM:2.U)
&0S;29=7K!:M73^&0)!U(.:D@E:2*5)
:4DOJ
M2#UI

V4B7

MJB5I(I4DQI22^I(/6DP9.-R[MG(F4==S&2&9*@`UOEI()4DBI236I(+:DC
M]:3!D


-VHU-OI-ROQ29*@R;1YW;D4F]*M2V&Z


L
M<R<+YEOJJ+%=8.HHF(YU,'4%3%T!4U?`E#M,8<,4-DQAPY0L3'&&%L7Y;ZMZ
MLS.6O9/9(F/-&0&J7(4/4_@PA0]3^#%#U/X

$P)PY0P




4)

$P)PY0P3`G#E#!

MU$'3:-+KWULX6[B




M;^






4,4\(P)0Q3
MPC`E#%/


^X,[9OICVGQ\WI

!WPT$[[
M!5/GP73`@^F`!]

SYRA5WXF.4]N




RVHKV
9XW'#SC]K1K:

F%5PNJ$-0EK$]8EK$_8

$P)PY0P3`G#
ME#!





$P)PY0P3`G#E#!

MVO@+VN'KWULT8*/+Q?ML;C8/6)H2'A\BZ!TE#%/,4





MQ)*$QX+#)AP6(=



M%L(XW47^W?KXQ?(/?SP\WGVM;FY_.U[Y?_WJG]GF^L/5QW\=;AX^W'Q3PS/W




`UFF.*$*4Z8XH0I3ICBAE.F.*$*4Z8XH0I
MSMB.%T%$L;Y=P;S6
W8J'V%8P=S](T!G1=/S::!J_1A2A^F]&%*'Z;T84H?



MR^34$N6FFP&GEB@WW=


M


;/8/T6=A-0-+S#S?]2
\^UGH&Z7/06L\@?09:ZQFDSS]K







MT+:7I^6RV1Z*4]XLJDMQAII]59_R%OZMWY?-I2[R7=?H=%QZKALN3WEY=I#A


GT+]E\=$H?\^:0_7Q2UWN?B_/!:@-




E^]`)
M1D]DBQ$2=*.GFB98B:$%$?R$-'?[YA-S=Q_U7Y6()^JH!8];GVT0LPB3X@


Y%L*<01-JWOAU8=A_S7[&K5^;=P9V
MPS[Z#DW)^=]+#$8(]&]$RB1&7O
DHRHX2K)7H(PF%8YRY#/P*G\K`[
7HN

M$C

M3#4*NK%I!'



MJH5YVMUW5PF[CTDM



[7B$HG!0*-@31\W

M@!_(!X'6\X&YQ+C$'H*FE4`
Z/4Q9`:&JR5Z$
+;6#L-#YV0ZC2H8XPE9GH9JJ9+
M/,C3UO2@4383K)994/EA.V4&*FD2/TQ]W4!'K):GFFU3-LI0=,*(!&.;^[#
M;3HB-]+4@B:SP')N=Z5IH7XDLX^&3HTW93)1
82)+W6X/QQ^Y&5.#)?I`%9

3)=X4MY%YZ6Z8G#IS&Z&`\Y




M




D9AJ
M(`'X15*XR0!#Z
'?]Z*T=8'3/

MDD+VI_=)-


M



M
7?(ZZ]OI[MM=3B!B:=R7[8_.J/+Q6%[_]O+L:KSISWP_B[\?'NVW3T9F#^4




M0`4#_^:4FWX0]V#Y'&6
R27NU\(.H3)&/ALKFR6T'D2T@5KY]BA$\+#^!OG=
M6DR*&/C_@@ECLE&S%$/B-
Y0#PU(D$MCO$C.WAJP\=9DVKB?XH'KF@SI



DQ^=QYKX

M:#+P%F/K*A)!S$
_;85R

]\?%8:4E:1J4`0AD+Y4K

Z/@H`A



-]=L<*+=$^J/D2+'GWE+DD`!(Y'EFXG%V+*0

MK-K(NCH92MA.6.PU

P+E#'7?R'[FNN\2RW($HB$+WG7


(I0(8SYY-(7$L*TXBR1E`*EVRV-F9
V[Z/06
M@_$M$30EU]D

M
*(WNU^E0?-$L())+6C*OVP&1EL


EXB)
KIQH$![FY[3Y
Z=#\YG#=P0+LG&&W7VP_%*$%'[(@Z`MY
K@
MHA28$L]+A1I19

MOE4H5TV#
`SY3[`904![#[_`:PJ)9!0[G4.9
$7^HU04BD#)E6I0I`M%^A)
MF3!1S@DC
/09Q!-(3(
I7




M[D)Z_!\``/__`P!02P




N60`9;=DVRS



9Z/=
MJ.GP$-2]G40T:_!M!-;'#)*3UZQ/&
;8ZI$)J#GQ'+0'$CM6KE?=R@F&LN44


A4
MV.N\#&V\7N3:Y
M/?DTG`7!&]XJW@DV].ZP5::!1#J:@)=U#D&=H*BT(#RJ`]XB9'7;


OPO=






M5)66@5OZ1Y]3#+NZS%@&AK[
:!B/O'VA_BR%Y)`4D(J2`UI(UD!IE#%I`E

MLH/L?0ER*O/Q$W*J2H
DD




MDQI22YJ1YJ0%:4E:D=:D#6E+ZD@[TCZ@

M?2EW%0;EZD




M29R2
E).*D@EJ2+5I(;4DF:D.6E!6I)6I#5I0]J2.M*.M`\HS*M:4SKA%-9+
M4

M.M*.M`\H3+5:9CHAU7I5*DBUIN`4!F7JRQ31C32I()6DBE23&E)+FI'FI`5I



M22O2FK0A;4D=:4?:!Q3F];3EK!&7LPQ%IW#\Z2Q7RIW_3J8I9REE))JD@U
MJ2&UI!EI3EJ0EJ05:4W:D+:DCK0C[0



MJD@UJ2&UI!EI3EJ0EJ05:4W:D+:DCK0C[0


M:2M=(ZYT&0I.8:YTL51.*D@EJ2+5I(;4DF:D.6E!6I)6I#5I0]J2.M*.M`\H
MR*L\T^244_A0/%SI

/;KE2_2E
RDD%J215I)K4D%K2C#0G+4A+THJT


M9AM1+N.\A
MCN


MEJ05:4W:D+:DCK0C[0

M^]$GO@I7RC9?6G*O6)%J2V'ST:=1&E?*-M]:.C0?!LM?$%(/27GAEH4+0F--
M7F2FI(R46W+/VRU(I24_
GC%VI8*(Q.]R=^X4BXR?EM!9
[])145&?WLZ'?J

KX4J+(3]@I(R46[KNNV5!*BUY`2/5


CV\




U$=TJ:PEN$\R@&TW-3T44N

MFJ)Q.+KF3


W/BC\X6FZXB6KR8

2;RSY^\W9GOE!A!_:G18`
M9JC!D[B+.KSF9


MIW8BGE2V0?/AX*QF)`C^W[H.ZCE.

MDO7APO3^/J4SPV5)%JVY#


M9*721#NZ:6UM



#4O]GO8




MKO\[5\KNZM[2H?FP0_@K-:_H$%R1N=3D96Q*RBRY`\Q)A247K))467)MU:3&

MZR
3-6*GEQ%O.QGEMS1Y*3DFNK)%667%LUJ;$4ICHZ
MA5M;RK4UL^1V8DY:6'(5EZ25)=?6FK2QY-K:DCI+KJT=:6_IT%:8:K4:XZ?Z
MWUK*NC1+1MZ<WI#,0.S8,B5EEMQ!YJ3DFNK)%667%LUJ3&D/E'M+O07T1I8
[]@J25I

-]R3Q#D^X6;?U4\RJLA&=#[4PB+CM-+72K]N8?


W(@83]3

M8*G2MCP^M

M


M2E)%JDD-J27-2'/2@K0DK4AKTH:T)76D'6D?4)A7M6CW^IOX*[W&Y]_$&PH?
M!G(9K;A-72EWNNVI**EG*4*4DFJ2#6I(;6D&6E.6I6I!5I3=J0MJ2.M/M
M`PI3':\$OG##Q26_*TW!*0S*6HG%:225)%J4D-J23/2G+0@+4DKTIJT(6U)


:4DN:


M6Y`R4F[)O1E7D$I+7F1(M:4P
M$G1AI7JH^
I41DXB65?^N]OFNNM!@*`J9+

M-!-U

M]SB^L[`5W7M%&2DG%8;L=W3.SL?Q$G;)6A6I=N3Z%E;B&U
J_99/Z]J0S(5Q
M/&WR?

MRIL:KM0H?L76M860GC9OO>:\U9)L



MH(

(DL+VY

3(B\3Y!:B[IR-#1)U'55KZ])U&$2
M=6


FO1

4K835473@D[3
(.D[!K


ML
(DK+VYW4T-(.8E?WCGX#7$L*I9R2E#LY[%A$.SL7!HCBY(TEO[8M[U#B9A


SAKT4C




MQX0







M+1#(*0F3JRI

JE-ULIL+Y!

M*VE#.4D;3-*&NI(VOUR4-K52X:?MI?L@53Y.C[;PZ0!7T9V&9
Q4]=\$H4G&
8QRTBM@T@E@T@E@T@E@DG&89!PFZ85)0F&24)@D%;Y







M6M
37=21;

MR=;&DH5Q



M)-:C9*Q'$FNY\T_M@=1)GT'J!$J?/^KTEZ$DU9K$6F8PJ2T2:SV%C_=Z*+&6
M'X1.U!E('5GO2VV1.K*NE-HBL9:%BM06B;7
A5-;)-8R^4EM48-/LE^KP2Q5


RJ1L.)$_

VH83F:6ECE6VC=2V5(1DVUAM



MGZAO(S-6\G5WB6]JBWR??:*^B




MD
S\TM\MLO$_68;FZ1GX9J$=S<XO\QLM$/:&;6^2G7B;J0=W<(K_E
M
E%/XN86^4D7B4ZJA]3CJTDS3MW#U&

M

O



MOW\]WMSZGC:L2E@A*Q[YKUS[=^N/'U9[J9YTSKGQ`*'2D9\;4R\)T7'.2Z8#
M6?
*_DFE*IF!1Y4172O.DN9069!P-)J1DHG*MPA+=0F&3%


$




Q2G$_R8CMOP+;/U
MF30-T]4SN88(G2'EH*)-TVDJG1.T:\=ITH;3DPEM='DVT;EA;]/I+$W#]7!G

]*\29!H0<#0`LSFP2G*_-Z2R`

M7+.

M*!EI7^C6_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(`3U5L(#0``^T
``!D```!X



_MJ\U99O&28_`YZ;Y
MHDWE@T;D/`+OLAV!?^T'#_7C^NO+\=_-NZBW3\]'&NX9]4AW;/GP9UX?-I11

M'7
XV'P]')O=_XS5Q

;Z8+
M:OV$8VH=Z=


MWM9Z_I@L=5A7EB9/7:'^J$ZI0'643SK

MFTFW)S%KKZ==@\!D4
RAA4

^4BOC$W:


I@)1`*B`B`2B0L+Z3@O@
M!7W7UKSOAH2##0'4@`I@51`!!`)1(6$=51K:US\KK2B.3YO-U]6C1%4/?/=
ME!8YL_3I(+S_EJ3=C)\!R2VY
6ME
IY&M5%T!JXV2@A2`1&=5[L$3^:+
2\Y
MV1FXLH,PK)#LN1D=OYHWJC?'RD#'86GQY4/H+Y;\[O




M9U5:%#A6B`0BB;$4L^)IT*KN@C08$4CQW'VN)A;QRH*'M;-RCKEW=*BPB%56
MSY
)L2J

Y(@*B]@TELZB
M;5+I'7V5A@]%NT!7WLJU*!#)_A:C?8ORCOTM\I1J=1FFU&RN+]07^I`H6D$M
MXDOH+%H*
K<+@PD7R5M(A&WP\G:?1



M





M]_DR2:T/\^
^&[2@^3NHC%A2.T=?_SFBPB):MEW]E&A5(1*()
92S(JG(9;4

BW

]6L3;S5EW6+=*3;E?
J
VLU8RZ
MTEFE







YHL(B?1H3I#36OM[16_5(+G.K@;80


K
0


M!=TA7)G2E?8\'ZZD=*55@/&5A*[0/?9$2V9TI2UO\)G3E7FOSX*N+'JO7-.5

MYZ76QGB%A.]2RUJ\0OJ1?/KNF=0@^?1=H3]!\*EWE.E/$[1GAI!'2F-/VRLJ
MBKZ:^)0N/U&-XLVN=*WT\/QZ2;]#0WMQO:0?DB&GM\9+_4X8K]`+WZ5^G8M7


_-D?[F`JW0]!-Z
M^B

GAUCP`K&R'8N^_<]Q@G-9=/-]?Q
MG)DYYC![W

M


I]U^?P6?&=.KI&IU.ZS%OE7T7`(&]KD&K!2:NV@

Z`0.B^.^]$;JL

M\.A(%HXEP[#;P86!]FSG293
R!8R90?

1(E
0]O]?@


M43B


MCVL'G
0:P




MN#[!N)^0YA4-^_A9F;?LDIPR0\J`+O0@,YC7H2+$)PVJYI!!#KMGJ'M?^$

MQ9G]XMT/)+:BGNRQ2BQ8*$.'H?58JC=2=I0EH^^AM]H\!C0SATH)P,6BSY

5
'TV@
)HIBE+D%.14D.$
+9[^54P'*(CR-U4IQ


M$L48\8ZI4G1UCG]\7SU




MOZG]9R[JQL*T
S#D?
W*MR4W#!H*F&B0.1)3+10`OT@*MQG0$'KP_WM1VB;'

OXOA82*
MO
$EM;28:[5'L#20T_34K6`R`[)S-ORG




:#^9)ZD?V4.FI%O6AHGR3B^%L`:.T@0)-ET



..QH.5O5^6&ME8;?\90.?$@Z^XPC$E5+V
M='!OP?GC5/P&``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#6$30B%`



UX$BP8UJN<@P
LNR=9
C


M-;*D!+8[AM8G\=U$DU7P2/4--MC;@P&CA836D0`:JPDD'$LZ?4B'S(C&#-C
MT5'*C7EPG.9%R!--$R#SB/8&?].AT$I@1S61!)%UH918##]=APDC
])B$%N
MPMA):#!P/!*56


M#4S/S]&`0:Z&2\MO3!O

9




M5MW

(LLD_MO\+UM)_V]@6
ZHZ6[!N5)6^55[

M_P





ARA)%NKN^VL

__`W]ZE?ET=HJ

M!XU\D-J8J]5Q=7.]WWT_PX6$

?_A]%'V%W@WQTHWPX

M]!/L=*

M%+&JI=*W7J9N%XHV%`T11403

Q1&Q*A!%8R]YOA!.61GB2NIV((J*)


)*F@;D=95;::ES0-F5L
P\'Z5ZUS/2C`PC
M*Y`TQN7%9':]88S/HEA?.YUN*X_2#!2C#0CP\@*)#5WR2_1W%4HQ24@Z\

HRL0-).EQD3.]^(D
^C&*Y3X+8*J36B


M-C2]5#[AJM#I8AHMJ^EXHA(J3#\(D[#,KD#349=?$T#=Y'.Q
9-SR%$
MA%1%2#,RC*Q`4G.7.1/-78BFRY-Y'.PL*I/R[$&J
?YG4K52\40$=(L91A9

M=@_=1*D^1(PT(\/(B0-'50L3+A8&BRZ+-3PT@QTHP
(RN0U-REZF1RN1#-



M&
K:S8208J09&496(*&YVS9]O^:MM
S?`67Y.[_9CU)]&!AI1H:1%4@:
RA_







O


M'%1=N


:FL



Z0H_./L5(
S*








%*


\[V!T#&Q3S'2C`PC*Y`T9E`]







M*Y`T9E#.7W+.#PAGSSN=&D:*D69D&%F!I.:%G#_XH.62\WU`[J8J+F-UOCG0






M=^!KG#8MM$S0@A=82RWPJ_2\]^9P*-XH[+4!Q[%&XN%EBD\BM?_2BWP#EZO
M*[14&`W?-BBT3#:?\N==



D1MM68#N=[F\_19$46?QK?*3WI=7YJ0Y5L4@5)?GN]Q^[

^KUJOZZ?-_O7^_Y__DA_F_9[Q]-J_[S:UOOJOO^S.O9_
M?_C[W^X^Z\.WXUM5G7ID87^\[[^=3N_SX?X?JMVJ^.@?J_V=.:E/NQ6)_KS
M\#H\OA^JU7.CM-L._=%H/-RM-ON^M#`_7&.C?GG9K*NX7G_LJOU)&CE4V]6)
MKO_XMGD_:FN[]37F=JO#MX_WW];U[IU,/&VVF]//QFB_MUO/B]=]?5@];2GN
M'UZX6FO;S1]@?K=9'^IC_7(:D+FAO%
\=JI?[_J
W

M.VU&X%^'WG/ULOK8GOY=?^;5YO7M1

=440BL/GSS[@ZKBFC9&;@1\+2NM[2

E28=E68X\
+1)34RVH1+

0XFWF@63
Y?Z$3IT?'&$&F*-M=*1Z5YWM-
R=-1QW95
JS`6YPH7E!884EK:W-#<^'_D1I@1N=%1+30PR?)YJI9:0JO$+DA<D+H@
M<T'N@L(%I058(FBNLT1TKU2Z%H0TK4E6+81AP`-<2)FP62B;H5XB8$D0%(@

MD@










RIMM)8(G\LG?YM&X!&G&\`%+)N24M$
:)$



E(F?](6/2/1*%%2




MGD4C


P0Y:A8(J9(L^%NR\XW]F*MR!NE2ADW\S

B.Q$AICSFB
!7=*ZR?$Q-AU/GPI9&2H<<*T1CJE&B
M$-])3)UF.#6VC

BY8;
OTKVP;QDM.=VA+Q


M_)$V)GB&7I3.Q1O(KC-C.C/N.//HS^:/
FC'#^TZYJ*=[[`6C.@'$
VGN8X.
3T(G(N7C/B&7J'.!=O
M/$



O



[C[-[AYWY&T:
M)S,?^SW?QK1XI-!I'P*VFDU`JNGHT^[SS??[U\V^Q_Y[N[+UQ<:[B'UR'0L

CSK
M]+LD?O3'[ODEO3



MC8T6/YPY/?KK]





MTN!:@ZT'@D&E;!D

MD@')@11`ID!*(#

@91`9D#F0!9`ED!60-9`

M!I(XXJ^S^@.USDIK(8Z6#`SE0(I:2U))?Z!2R;068M.E;RAP$V&W^`@(QTZ
MR!+?04!B((DCLD!)@62@E0,I:BW?&\,PL4YKH=H;OJ'`&S1B@3?L,OO$5*(O
M7^]N_[S8V_*\80;OTW+:+K*-D=!)EOA.`A(#21PYKY-'B0#K1Q(46OY3AHI



M38LHPJ1]_:&Z.9F;XW\Z,5ACA!E#K4)WT9I@&$)IC/T58A2&PUN-+::C]C
M*;8@-


MCN8+
2^V&CQM;;6?L0S

M#M6R=^(4@_BVBAY*6
KWNI



M^I`SEFRK
YDZ+5AD&U0*T#

MZ`Q-+0P]W+Z.J
154JA+*6DB3GI.

M.TLYGK&0





I%B\SDC

26P6B*:
P
M1E1V+%E*;
T84:![P:44YR+%W5XP$EM+1M&@?F16GZL18K-;QB)^4M$5XP

)28FO&*/2R2I]SD6(O+QB)K26B%2/IXQK1AI'8ND1TQ2AHZIF:
M_Z]%BINZ9529#P-[Z&\$AX06+V)
WJ6CHX010SD@XFB%)&8BM#E#
26P6B
M*:
P(-2U7[*4V)HQDD;



M-




MM$T1+1M$:T072)Z`K1-:)M@




N-/OCT4CONF6H
ME2
J!+7ZTW:00_-$%:ZE6`%/FGKQ#9ZTY:5?N)K-10K.H'#%Y^M$2CQ9*S)*

MLVH39R)2K!@C2ARB'0V62AT*GZ_3C[9E:M'5(CY5D_;#K6?L0S,AYG5UY^


!+-?FY@7*5Z9O+`V
;




MZQE+ME6=


/L%UP&)%@LN^DZ)\:Z:_M7&^

M_ZK%YE$2A*`LR6!FJ!4ZI+REZGW^^KA]LRU
H1%8):76D;Y:*R1^\BG/O_

-J*7$LH$1LL53J4'L5E*%BCJ@0
MU.I;VZ[V

M[:V'M




@K:I=\S*D6*
MVS5C).V:.T3[_2RU8*G`_%A-=TN6$L45HT!1MVLM4GS&#:/*5A@5NCAN7P2/



HI/R!Q%0
MZFQYBAFB7
[HN6&L=AP*5)RRHC2B1#1#Q3FB!2HN46J%4FM$FT`Q'!Y30_O#
M\TM[C2.W/2!#=.$0W9GC()DPD@DB=LA[

@#B^=E&PUJPMX)F:XOW-$X?:^KM$M96@EC:NG=1/V[@1
]1&
M&Q7V!]+L#Q0][)Z^[:[^_OGH]O]=_/C9^=F][G&]I?9Z%GPR#R`3;@R)B.
M5).


M&1R/4+T3F42.1ZC&B4P^QR-4ZD2FD&DZTJ

DW-'70


DU':&\@


M;:
/F$3F\R1HC3Y;$9F/4C0=H=S;V`)ZW9V.-/F-7H.F(TTMH*_E1.;U9SP/
M?8TJ













M79Z]^?#GX]/]U_\_-LK



MQJ7IY=IT\_Y
NTO#]U%'YC]^76TVO[S[APZF#U.;'=MD88N];6&&N^GV$$

M0Q%#&4
50QU#$T


^KK/U

MW2BKQ7R`[R$'2`XI(6D@M20!M).D@/&7P)`M/4(`C





*



N*5RC[#*Z&[7/


M
+^XF'K^O+E@Q3115#%%]YOWKM4\)$DYJ25I(I4DQI22^I(/6D(*(S4UBO
M/\H78TD37(I6FRB_W=0JK)@V\0U2U\JE/':O%2WE;%602E)%JDD-J25UI)XT





I)Q6DDE21:E)#:DD=
9UQ?VE;^^YQ6#-^GF[D&[U/?

M3-G
35]_=EJ-4UG_[#21?W8B'4@YJ25I(I4DQI22^I(/6D(*,POG@.;N2G


M:#/5BR:!$VE'VK#VI`



SOM/)@Q?)@HNC`=]7(^$4NU\H-

)(3ZMD5G
EXPYI_0Q$^&W-W=0J./#1

%!_[8RJ
#6^6D@E22

+\



X'2\?N
M@^#7<:D4?QWI5=^3._825E`3^?N#=+`K_OA[<JZ%W9J_92DRJUX_(&R;+V
M[CO4KH7MNF$_+:FSM)W'6D\:+5C^NK./37?0=LS;K+DF81WOB.-GSO6MD-
QFX]E:K:(_,.0ZN]:^7V]+RBI9RME))JD@UJ2&UI([4

+\3-'JC][G[Q&L
M3?-HMC526)!E\6V7:44OY0

M*^_K:
?;5KNI57B_-8LNGWO7RA[E!U).*D@EJ2+5I(;4DCI23QHE



MWK5R0W+LRPL^9ZN5)(J4DUJ2VI(_6D(:`@TLNXH'W^7'IL?AR2[L!?9-&\


M5)(J4DUJ2VI(_6D(:`PTM-*)O-GR]',::)@2(ZM/#JP54XJ26I(M6DAM22

$LY6Q6DDE21:E)#





M)3IVY7T0F[-502I)%:DF-:26U)%ZTA!0F*@I5OQ)?7S+_U6?MFW&DL?_ZT!+


M9@YG=4YM&^6$2?Q.SMBN[SIP
IG\C\



M??RC@PU7;$D=J7?='X^2;71T#VX5?Z3]Z)B\OG[W=L6$!.%!XDR^CC\_W4
M*CA(QKZKWKPRPV^_%[.-%

MFX?SSXG\&PD`RDG%:225)%J4D-J21VI)PT!A?F9FC&NK7[J=M5VK#[]^FJB
MZ)P0S6KWKM4\6DDYJ25I(I4DQI22^I(/6D(*$P[KF2?GVYL6;).%(S6L95'


M@G*V*D@EJ2+5I(;4DCI23QHB

*4DFJ2#6I(;6D


K=67_W;T%L6$I;\?;981F'O72N[

EG)+X_?=5]OU





4,4\(P)0Q3PC`E
M#%/


4\(P)0Q3
MPC`E#%/,4
4\(P)0Q3PC`E[%N4L)F%GI+P.&LUA\9\^5C$OX*QR[*Q6?A'

4\(P)0Q3PC`E#%/,4



M
$P)PY0P3`G#E#!





GTAD-6
=DH8IH1A2ABFA&%*&*:$84H8

(4.


MPY0^3.G#E#Y






TQQPA0G3''%=


M=GQ&2+1]6F]CEAV_\\%E6[/L^`02+
O











U

$%``&``@````A`-QY)$F#0``$4$``!D```!X;]W


X%H;O!YAW
'S?L;5X$Y(T8NTK


MO_]U^VU_^'Q\V6Q.`U)X.]X-7TZG]V`T.JY?-KO5\6;_OGFC*T_[PVYUHE\/




M$S3^=#BZOVT=].=V\^VH_7MP?-E_2P_;QVK[MB%O4S^Q'OBTWW]FIODC0U1X



O=H;2012(;Q#9(;)#:


M
\4]BB\\ZC`1TX^^,J/0)!%CQ
N6-O8@[HN#.0G9&`2`HDZTJUT8^6FK$I


M7OFFRV-A=&L];`W=AS;%PD(ITR2VZ5&[=R)HNYNS`K4^CAI/9[@A3'S4$
MI9=[ABE:G(

I76L\HA_L)RR)(;^;1\:%ZS8E'8&77.!A(#28D0#(@.9`

T!RXF^1`*)@
1`$B`ID`Q(#J0`4@*I@-1`


M25`G192I@B*%]E3$:1/^7%E(Z0)U2D251(MNK-6(&HEZG
ZRR'-.ORQ9=$0R


[V1)NWMC!YF

148PH090BRA#EB`I$):(*
M48VH



M)!+2SA32

MD$?#2.L9*YU



MXO7ERU]82\Z295G4I6;^:K^W#)65;'Z$*$:4($H198AR1`6B$E&%J$;4&
CT
MLKUQ_R!NX`[=Y4A[5!LBBA#%B!)$*:(


_
72
AK!88TPW]C34G;)SD#\Y



ROX3

M.1\8:$4`EW*D.2L45AJ*$


M1Q\%5FYE=*8HJ`=6@41@G4]\%YNK*QG-I8/;.$8=[:'K90_\6ADS%11(WQX@
MBA#%B!)$*:(





CCX(
H5)MK2OTJCY@[ZW[

_9H^;Y=*5].@YE






M]Y\9W/\?``#__P


M`U0%&G[K)5I6UC+-3M;O+W'=XDWN(8B[Y$\='
T1P..4-RUY^_M1?G#75]








MD6H5-Q..TX3+;8[!4G

JES=&BE-/'?(/A^UIY*!5J525IH1]12?RT?#)(

J;?M8FY1*5.K*DEW_8A*UI657#)(R^55\FLE%Q:
M'TJN17+90`BS63*W*I
TFP_(I


DUH(PH))#$2^?-EFRDR(KU#8Z]V51:[4!



.[IOIY:R.

!Q/
+`6CR3=V41G29K9
M\#Q)X9;!Y

M+W-H965T

V%(;O*_4_(.XWA
\D*
EJ$L*76JFJMNTU0YP$


@F-\C:;+VLZ56#C@&_FTO&^L_T
M32@*

MP:J'R08JV*D@5$&D@E@%B0K2$3#`EL$;J++_PQLFP[P166T$^#3+4HP0$6)(

L5VF:

TQ1:1`)$=(B$B


=`4DC$_
MU99

M8PW)


M-ISNE;4SE8;);K$CX;CQ?JJ^3'ZPY&]EW4ZP$4BN
&46MY]1PM*@1^
:$Z@O
M

C

MCZ


:Y'S&)
MU)KR$;FFH
EIZ?K;M=R?OS&ZL]'O#KN2




G`/:/=84X


3
M#_%'/`@R=KLQZC1C#;:*U(\)9FQ:)+.Q4*.%I);R&F,3'S!N7X\&T&6OH9J
M]@H!$P-RL)#,0HX6DEO(:8Q,*H9[Y?&*!7E:L4)BN$1T-M%J-6VP0[\,:MD
]:UC&E=#%RC+\#/+Q%!GEI7
MR'_$WB^;QFX<R4R3M'6-_,RZ(O6QST7HQI<'QAQ9M!PS5.IJ;%$?P@;1SJ@


39_GZ1PD`'W]0*8GKKB@GXOZ`6WS*G1&:P$GA@PJ)J_U`LG'20((Q3A
M

^$\.%%_`


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````G)%13\

MI&6)FCVYQ









`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!:1@0E:P
``)H-```0

O87!P+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````)Q7RV[;






2TG[UNBC\CHS3GI6S#ICZ.[#^:&RMI#W.^PYQ


M(OR%/-6_6NG)V7'_71]_
/;&DGCM4=@HI+\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

1`$[X)_


MWCQ*S:YUK$\E2R4W2R!J.:G=..Y5[@*TVD

M_P

M``!
`@``P````````````````!I!```7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$+0`4``8`

O


M='

M`````````````






V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`\

M965T




``$P+```9

WHX



RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$R8&H3`P``3PD``!D`````







M='




M965T
3


M`BT`%``&``@````A`)6P71_A`@``3@@``!D`````````````````814!`'AL



``*G?```8````````````````













YX;6Q02P$
Q_`H`
M`)(T```9`````````````````/:L`0!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
C8N



M:&5E='



C

R


(```H%0(`````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


State income tax
 net of federal benefit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


















        
496
404
541
404
541
404
223
404


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        
        


        
496
404
434
177
428
845
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
487
404
        
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        
        


        
481
404
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
9
000
        
        
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        
        


        
4
500
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


Common stock subscribed
 shares
66
667
833
333
533
333


Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $1.00-$2.50
1
027
401
        
        


Common stock warrants
 exercise price range of $1.00-$1.50
        
922
067
892
067


Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00-$2.97
496
404
434
177
428
845


        
1
683
472
2
189
577
1
854
245




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    




        
        

under operating lease as of January 31
 2015 are as follows.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
78
533
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
$ 35
551
$ 284
861
$ 203
031


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
50
000
        


Agreement Year 5th
 6th and 7th [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
75
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
100
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 125
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
$ 1
322
$ 100
953
        
        


        
        
412
553
        
        


Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        


Number of restricted common stock shares granted
 shares
        
        
        
200
000


Manatuck Purchase Agreement [Member] | Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
2
000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

2016


Number of restricted common stock shares granted
 shares
        
        
        
200
000


        
        

2016
        
        


        
        
$ 458
750
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (Details Narrative) (Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member]
 USD $)

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC
$ 27
032
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
$ 103
644
$ 1
745
469


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
4
800
000
8
800
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 4
800
000
$ 8
800
000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning balance
892
067
922
067
505
400


Warrants Exercisable
 Beginning balance
892
067
922
067
        


Warrants
 Granted
30
000
203
334
386
667


Warrants
 Exercised
        
        
        


Warrants
 Forfeited/Cancelled
        
(98
000)
        


Warrants Outstanding
 Ending balance
922
067
1
027
401
892
067


Warrants Exercisable
 Ending balance
922
067
1
027
401
892
067


Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance
        
        
        


Warrants Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled
        
        
        


Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance
        
        
        


Warrants Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Note 2 - Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies




 2014
 MamaMancini&#146;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) changed its fiscal year end date to January 31. The Company&#146;s 2014 fiscal year
commenced on February 1
 2014 and concludes on January 31
 2015. The Company changed its year end to be consistent with a significant
number of its retail customers that have a fiscal year end on or near January 31. This allows the Company to more accurately account
for accrued discounts and promotions to these retailers. The Company determined that recasting the prior year comparable period
ended January 31
 2014 would not be material.




statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions
impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value of share-based payments.


to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating
its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ
significantly from our estimates.




that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant
risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in
the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability
include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets
in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to
food and beverages in connection with the Company&#146;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult
to project the Company&#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.




instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January
31
 2015 or 2014.


associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may
exceed federally insured limits.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 


amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the receivable
net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.




using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
January 31
 2015 
    
    
January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 the
fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between
willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#146;s short term financial instruments
approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.




as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds.
In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering
 all
costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month
ended January 31
 2014 were $346
192
 $1
604
000 and $102
166
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company
expensed $330
538 of deferred issuance costs related to the aborted offering of the Company&#146;s common stock
 which are included
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.




as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended
January 31
 2014 were $100
864
 $19
408 and $8
477
 respectively.




to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.




when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the
sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.


shipment.


 sales
discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

 2015 
    
    
    

 2013 
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    

725

    
    
    

282

    
    
    


    


 Discounts

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

339

    
    
    

741

    
    
    


    





related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#146;s products. Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
and print production costs.




advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were $3
104
088
 $2
440
424 and $232
481
respectively.




compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&#148; (&#147;ASC 718&#148;) which
establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method
of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option
plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50
&#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services&#148;.


share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 share-based compensation amounted to $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681
respectively. Of the $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681 recorded for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the
one month ended January 31
 2014
 $171
981
 $731
894 and $43
666 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as
a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2015
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



using the &#147;simplified&#148; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#147;SAB&#148;) 110.
The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does
not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.




by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from
the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.


common stock equivalents at January 31
 2015:



    
    
    


    



    
    

027

    



    
    


    

    
    
    

683

    



common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

854

    



at January 31
 2014:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

189

    



during the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the effect of considering
any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not
presented.




with ASC No. 740
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes&#148;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences
between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change
during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.


tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2012.




to current period presentation.




Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
 
 in May 2014. The amendments in
this Update supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 
 including most industry-specific
revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 the amendments supersede the cost
guidance in Subtopic 605-35
 
 and create new Subtopic
340-40
. In summary
 the core principle of Topic 606 is that
an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This Accounting Standards Update is the final
(Topic 605) and Proposed Accounting Standards
 (Topic 605): Codification Amendments
 both of which have been deleted. Accounting
Standards Update 2014-09. The amendments in this Update are effectively for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects
of ASU 2014-09 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-12
 Compensation- Stock Compensation. The amendments in this update apply
to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance
target can be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting
Standards Update EITF-13D&#151;Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the
Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period
 which has been deleted.
The proposed amendments would apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of
the award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update
is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-13D&#151;Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite
Service Period
 which has been deleted. The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within
those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
effects of ASU 2014-12 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014&#150;15


about a company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This Accounting Standards
Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013&#150;300&#151;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic
205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Going Concern Presumption
 which has been deleted. The Company is currently
evaluating the effects of ASU 2014&#150;15 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-16 (ASU 2014-16)

the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity
GAAP for determining when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid financial instrument is required. The
amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features
 including the embedded derivative feature being
evaluated for bifurcation
 in evaluating the nature of the host contract. The ASU applies to all entities that are issuers of
or investors in
 hybrid financial instruments that are issued in the form of a share and is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014&#150;16 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments
in this ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have
not been previously issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual
period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity
is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature
of and reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description of the prior-period information that
has been retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e.
 debt issuance cost
asset and the debt liability). The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-03 on the consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U
M.#=D.&9A




M9&1D9C%?-3





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N=%]O9E]#:&%N





#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$









T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE



M($A2968]

O4VAE

#I.86UE/E-U;6UA<GE?;V9?4VEG;FEF




T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T
C


O4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='




M7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R









M968]


O4VAE
M970S

#I.86UE/E-U;6UA<GE?;V9?4VEG;FEF




T0B5V]R:W-H965T




T0B5V]R:W-H

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

#I.86UE/DQI;F5?


O4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970T
2YH





O4VAE970T
M



#I.86UE/@T*




3PO

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE

M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC




&-E;%=O


&-E




M='EL97-H965T($A2968]

M(#QX.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R;W1E



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]






]
T1T:#Y*
M86XN(#

M/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]







]


]








]
T1R;SX-










]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C

]
M



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L
M(%EE87(@1F]C=7


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

M
3
U.#=D.&9A

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M86YC92!3:&5E='

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@








M+#8T

]


]
T1R;SX-


M


3`W+#(T






]
T1N=6UP/C$L






]






]
T1R




M96YS97

]
T1N=6UP


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








M-#0P+#`P


]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M8FEL:71I97

]
T1T





3@L
#`Q/'-P86X^





]

#`P
M






C4P+#`P





M1&YU;7`^


]





]

]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#8P

L




BPV



]

:6%B:6QI



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A
M



]



M='


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#






#`L


C`L
#`P+#`P



]

@





]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

M



]






C0L
3@W+#


]






M-3

O4VAE970P






]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]



]
T1N



#


]









]






]
T1N
M=6UP/C0W
BPP
C




]











M



]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6T^*#(L-3(V



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;W1H97(@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@




M-#

]








]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#`Q
BPY


M
%]B-C8T7V$Q






]



M97

]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@



U
BPP
S


]
T1R8SX-B`@(`@

N(#






]
T1T97AT/B9N


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P



]






]



38R+#DS

]



]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]









]



#`L




T1T;W`^4F5C87!I=&%L:7IA

M
#`L








]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N


]
T1N=6T^*#$L-C`T+#`P


]





M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#DT-RPV



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A
M=!$96
N(#



]
T1R8SX-

N(#








]
T1T97AT/B9N




]


]


]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/C0T






]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


]
M








S$L(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#DY
RPY-S

L



T1T

S$L(#(P

]








#8L


C`V+#DX


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S





M


]


]




#










M


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


]
T1T

]
T1N=6T^*#






]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS




]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T


]
T1T

]
T1N=6T^*#0L

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#`V



S$L(#(P

BPW-C8L



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


@870@2F%N+B`S
2P@
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


M9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q
M





^+RH@1&\@


$5+





]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L(#(P
3




]





]
T1N=6UP/C4S
RPS
S


%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X



]
T1R






]


]
T1T
M:#Y*86XN(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@







]




@=&\@;F5T(&-A

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]

]


BPP






T1T;W`^


]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$U+#
T

]







30Q+#
T

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-2PW
#DI





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W


M;G5M/B@R
S(L






]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




C$L
3



]



]
T1N=6T^*#


]







]
T1N=6T^*#@W-RPU


]



#`I/'-P





T1T;W`^



M

3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6
M251)15


]


#




]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X-S(L
3`V

]





#`L
M





M=VEN9W



]
T1N=6T^*#(P
M



#`L
#`P/'-P86X^




PP,#`I/'-P86X^/]S






M($%C=&EV:71I97

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V.#8L






]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S0Q+#DS-3QS

]

M=&%X97

]
T1T





]
T1N=6UP/C@L-C0P/'-P







Q+#@Y-#QS

]


]
T1T97AT/B9N


T1T;W`^1&5B=!D:7-C;W5N=!O;B!C;VYV97)T:6)L





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
M8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2`M($YA='5R92!O


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


N(AT:&4-B8C
30W.T-O






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z







M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

C`Q
M




M8B8C
30X.RDL($UA;6%-86YC:6YI)B


30W.TUA:F]R:71Y(%-H87)E
M:&]L9&5R)B


M:71H($UA;6%-86YC:6YI)B

@82!W:&]L;'DM



M


M($EM;65D:6%T96QY(&%F=&5R('1H92!-97)G97(@=V%S(&-O;G-U;6UA=&5D



M('1H96T@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#86YC96QL871I;VXF(S$T.#LI+B!);B!C;VYS





M92!-86UA36%N8VEN:28C
30V.W


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



L

M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
-G!R97-E;G1E9!F



2P@


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






@;V8@4')E






@;V8@

2UO=VYE

M9C%?-3

O4VAE
M970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

]









M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY#:&%N9V4@;V8@665A

38P

@


3
L(#(P
30L($UA;6%-
M86YC:6YI)B

L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP
M86YY)B

M;R!*86YU87)Y(#

30V.W
@



@86YD('!R;VUO=&EO;G
@=&\@


M;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R





T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V




@


'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X





M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M:W
@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97



M97







M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@








@
M:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


L(&%M;VYG(&]T


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









Q+`R,#$U(&]R(#(P,30N/]P/@T*#0H\


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@





M;BX@5&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@870@=&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M($%L;&]W86YC90T*9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S(#PO8CX\+W`^#0H-










M92!U;F-O;&QE8W1I8FQE(&)Y(&UA;F%G96UE;G0N(%1H92!M87AI;75M(&%C

M9!W:71H(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7,@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!O9B!T

BPP
#`N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M;W)M86P@5&EM97

@87)E('-T871E


S$L(#(P
34@
M86YD(#(P

38P


T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

2P@

M:6=H=#H@






T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXS
#$L

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@








N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C5I






@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q)3L@;&EN


T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M-2!Y


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/DQE
M87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C
M

\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W



M5&EM97







M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M8VL@27-S=6%N8V4@0V]S='


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

@

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D




M(#

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@=&AE(&]N92!M

2P@
C`Q-!W97)E(0S-#8L
3DR+`D
M,2PV,#0L,#`P(&%N9`D


2P@
C`Q-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-

S`L-3


M;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@=VAI8V@@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D#0II

M;BP@5&EM97









S$L(#(P
30@=V5R92`D
3`P



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE







M(&-L87-S:69I97




M/B8C

M5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O;6%N



2D@

M;&4L(&%N9`H-D@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@;V8@=&AE(')E;&%T960@8W5S







M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@87


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


S$L(#(P


38P.SPO=&0^

T0R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\8CY996%R



38P

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M

6QE/3-$

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q



M)B


M-24G/C$R+#

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

2PV
C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

34E)SXW-S4L

M/B8C

M5&EM97

M;BP@5&EM97








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V

M;BP@5&EM97






S$L(#(P
34@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9!T

S$L(#(P
30@=V5R92`D
RPQ
M
#0L
#@X+`D,BPT-#`L-#(T(&%N9`D
C
R+#0X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\8CY3=&]C:RU87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V(^/]P/@T*#0H\


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T%C8V]U

30X.R`H)B
Q







'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X







@3F5W(%)O





@










@:7-S=65D#0IT;R!P;&%C96UE;G0@86=E



M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#$S

S@L


#$S(&%N9!T:&4-F]N92!M;VYT:!E;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R
M,#$T+`D





2P@
C`Q

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG
M/B8C
38P.R8C


T0G9F]N=#H@


M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2P@
C`Q
M-3PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


S$L(#(P
M

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C`N
C8E('1O(#$N

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


38P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M,2!T;R`U('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXQ('1O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$@=&\@-2!Y


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXQ-#0E('1O(#$Y


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$Y





34E)SXF(S$V


3$U


M


M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C





M:65D)B





M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W













T0G9F]N=#H@




@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@R)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U





2XP

34E
M)SXF(S$V






M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T




2P@
C`Q
SH\


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:61T:#H@



B4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

3$U


M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\

M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M



Q-C`[

34E)SXT
M
S0L



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


L



S$L(#(P
34@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q

S$L(#(P
M


M5&EM97




'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

&5S(&%R92!P<F]V:61E9!I;B!A










M(&%R92!R961U8V5D(&)Y(&$-G9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@=VAE;BP@
M:6X@=&AE(&]P:6YI;VX@;V8@;6%N86=E;65N=P@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




C`Q
BX\+W`^



T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



\+VD^+!I;B!-87D@,C`Q
M-X@5&AE(&%M96YD;65N='



T



M
#8@:7
@=&AA=`T*86X@96YT:71Y(')E8V]G;FEZ97



34Q.SQI/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C

@-C`U*3H@0V]D:69I8V%T
M:6]N($%M96YD;65N='
L(&)O=&@@;V8@=VAI8V@@:&%V92!B965N(&1E;&5T

M(&%M96YD;65N='


M9VEN;FEN9PT*869T97(@1&5C96UB97(@
34L(#(P
38L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I


#$T+3`Y(&]N('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC
M:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M/B8C

M5&EM97


M9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@57!D871E(#(P
30M
3(L($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;BT@4W1O






34Q.T-O;7!E;G-A
M=&EO;B8C
34Q.U-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`H5&]P:6
@-S$X*3H@06-C




@8F5E;B!D96QE=&5D+@T*5&AE('!R






@=&AE(&9I;F%L('9E

@57!D871E
M($5)5$8M
3-$)B



M87



@8F5G:6YN

M;VX@:7


M;VYT.B`Q


M
C`Q-P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0I3=&%N9&%R9'
@0F]A

#$T)B
Q
M-3`[
34L(#QI/E!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M96YT




@



M=&QY#0IE=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H92!E9F9E8W1S(&]F($%352`R
#$T)B
Q-3`[
M

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

















@=&\@86QL(&5N=&ET:65S('1H










M



34M
#

-C@S-2TS,DZ(%-I;7!L:69Y

M(&]F('1H870@9&5B=!L:6%B:6QI='DL#0IC;VYS:7-T96YT('=I=&@@9&5B
M=!D:7-C;W5N='

M9W5I9&%N8V4@9F]R(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='




@=VET:&EN('1H

M8F%S:7





C`Q-2TP
R!O;B!T

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D
M.&9A



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1R


L

M/DYO=&4@




S$L#0HR
#$U(&%N

T0G9F]N
M=#H@











T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M(#$Q-24G/CQB/B8C

S$L(#(P

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\8CY*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$T(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


38P

3@E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$L
#8P

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$L
#(W+#0S
3PO=&0^#0H@



6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



Q-C`[

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
34E)SY
97-S.B!!8V-U;75L871E9!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXR


34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


Q-C`[

M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXD/]T9#X-

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.B`Q

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXY-S@L

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q-2!A
M;F0@

T

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-


3
3X-CPO:'1M;#X-
M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

M
3
U.#=D.&9A







M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
34\

M26YV97-T;65N='
@:6X@86YD($%D=F%N8V5S('1O($%F9FEL:6%T97
L(%-C






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


3$

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\


M#0IW87



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D
M9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@



M




M8V@@
2P@
C`Q



@;W=N960@8GD@=&AE($-%3R!A



3`@
M)B








30V.W

L(&UE=&AO9'
@86YD(&EN9W)E



30V.W


M;VUP86YY)B


@9G)O;2!O;F4@;W(@;6]R

M;6%T:6



M(S$V













M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





2P@

M;G-E8W5R960L(&1O97


38P

@


S$L
M(#(P

S$L(#(P
M


M879E(&)E96X@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@86YD(&%R92!B96EN9R!D97!R96-I871E

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#$S




2P@
C`Q-2!A;F0@

W
RPP

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VQD97(@;V8@365A=&)A;&P@3V)S97-S:6]N($Q

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY&;W(@=&AE('EE

S$L(#(P

2P@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@=&AE(&]N92!M;VYT:!E;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#

3$S+#8P
M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

M7S0X9#!?8C8V-%]A
3
U.#=D.&9A



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]



T1T;W`^3&EN92!O9B!#










M



M)B

65A<B!T97)M
M(AT:&4@)B

30X.RD@86YD('-H86QL(&)E


@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!T
M:&4@4V%L92!A;F0@4V5C=7)I='D@06=R965M96YT*2X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97



M;R!T:&4@1D=)($9A8VEL:71Y+!&1TD@8V%N#0IE;&5C=!T;R!P=7)C:&%S





@*')E=&%I;FEN9PT*82`S






N





M86=E(&UO;G1H;'D@8F%L86YC92!O9B!0=7)C:&%S960@06-C;W5N='
N(%1H






2P@
C`Q
M-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=&5R;6EN871E9!I=',@86=R965M96YT('=I=&@@
M1D=)(&%N9!P86ED(&]F9B!A;&P@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
-F1U92!A=!T:&4@


M








3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




]



@3F5W(%)O



M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!397!T96UB97(@
RP@


Q-#@[*2!W

M1T


M)V-O;&]R.B!R960G/B`\+V9O;G0^)#
L
3`P+#`P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#`E.R!B;W)D


T0G=F5R=&EC


M)B

34E)SY!8V-O

M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C
U


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXV
#`L


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M('1I;64@=&\@=&EM92!M86ME(&QO86YS#0II;B!A;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@86UO

M9VEB;&4@06-C;W5N='
@*&%S#0ID969I;F5D(&EN('1H92!




M;VYT.B`Q





@;6%D92!A9V%I;G-T(&5L:6=I8FQE

2!#:71I
M8F%N:RP@3BY!+B!P;'5S(#0N



RPQ
#`L
#`P(&9A8VEL:71Y+B!);B!T:&4@979E;G0@;V8@




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!397!T96UB97(@
RP@

@3F]T928C
30X

3`L
#`P+B!4:&4@14=#($YO=&4@




M;F0@4V5C=7)I='D@06=R965M96YT+B!4:&4@14=#($YO=&4@:7


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H92!O




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE#0I

L#0IP97)S;VYA;&QY(&=U87)A;G1E96EN9R!A;&P@=&AE(&%M
M;W5N='

M('1H92!









]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#



]

]

'!T)SX\

#L@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T

38P

@


3DL(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

30X

3$

30W.TUA
M;F%T=6-K($1E8F5N='5R928C
30X.RD@:6X@9F%V;W(@;V8@36%N871U8VLN

BPP
#`L
#`P(&)E







T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-

M:R!0=7)C:&%S92!!9W)E96UE;G0I('=H:6QE('1H92!-86YA='5C:R!$96)E


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4










M
S$L(#(P

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?
M-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q

38N:'1M





$5

]
M


T1T


]
M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-


M



S$L#0HR

M








T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^









@


M;BP@5&EM97


#$U#0IA;F0@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD('1H92!O;F4@;6]N=&@@96YD960@2F%N

2P@

M97

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B
M-C8T7V$Q





^


M1$E$

]
M


T1T




T0G

M;W)M86P@5&EM97



M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;VYT.B`Q


M
2P@
C`Q
R!T:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7-S=65D(#
L
S
S+#
W-2!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O

#`P+#`P







M871E('!L86-E;65N=!O9B!T:&4-D-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS('-T;V-K+B!4


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




2PV
#0L

M)#@W
BPQ



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


S`P+#`P

#`@:6X@










3`R+#$V-B!C;VYS:7-T:6YG(&]F(0U.PU
#`@:6X@


38P

@


30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-O

#`P(&EN('!R;V-E961S(&EN(&-O

M;B!*=6YE(#(P

M

M97



M-3

!I;B!C87-H(&%N9`R



M;BP@5&EM97









M;V8@)#@Q+#(U
!I;B!C87-H(&%N9`T







#`L
#`R(&EN('!R






!I;B!C87-H
M(&%N9`Q-RPS
S


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







U+#`P


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SY);B!/8W1O8F5R(#(P,30L('1H92!;V%R9!A9W)E960@=&\-F%M96YD



M






@=V5R92!N;W0@

S$L(#(P


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQB/CQI/B8C






M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M:RXF(S$V







@3F5W(%)O





Q

@=V5R92!N;W0@:7-S=65D(&%S(&]F

S$L(#(P

M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97


M9B`D
S
L

!I;B!C87-H(&%N9`X

C`L
C4X+CPO

@3F5W



M5&EM97



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@82!S=6UM
M87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U


M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/CQB/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P,3,@/]B/CPO

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXM/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXS
3@L

34E)SXF
M(S$V

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2XP


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXM

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*



T0G

M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

#L@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M=#H@

M:6=H=#H@





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q-C`[

34E)SXM

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D]U='-T86YD:6YG
M(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


34E)SXQ



M(S$U

2P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T+#$W-SPO=&0^


Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



2XP
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXU.2PP
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M
34E)SX\8CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R`F(S$U

2P@
C`Q-3PO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

34E)SXF
M(S$V

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#,Q
M+`R

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$N
#(\+W1D/@T*


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D]P=&EO;G

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q
M,!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



T0G=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q-C`[

M8G(@+SX-CQB/E)E;6%I;FEN9SPO8CX\8G(@+SX-CQB/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L




M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





38P.SPO

M:6=H=#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

2XP


M


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXR+CDW/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@


M('1O=&%L#0II;G1R:6YS:6


2PP.#(L.#`X

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X
2`S,2P@,C`Q-2P@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD-FAA<R`D












30V.W






M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D]U='-T86YD

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/B8C

M:#H@
38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/C$N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V


3$U


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M=#H@

2XU


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[

34E

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


2P@
C`Q
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C@Y


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXS
PP
M,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M.B`Q




M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



2`S,2P@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

#L@

2P@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/CDR

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=&5X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/D=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P
RPS

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4]

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB
M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

2PP

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.B`Q


2P@
C`Q

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L
M93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@

T0G=F5R


M='

M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\8CY7

M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



3$U





M)B



3$U



Q-C`[





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M

M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXD
M
2XP

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


Q


N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*

M:6=H=#H@




2PP


M

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


S$L(#(P
34L#0IT


#`P('=A

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY!=!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R
#$U


P

W.5\T
M.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X9F$P-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]






M
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;W)M86P@5&EM97

L($-L86EM



M;W)M86P@5&EM97









M=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY




M:69Y)SY/;B!-87)C:`Q+`R






@




L(%-E

M(&]F('1H92!!9W)E96UE;G0@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM497)M)B





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V
&-L=7-I=F4@5&5R;2!B96=A;B!O
M;B!*86YU87)Y#0HQ+`R

'1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y(&]F('1H


M=&AE(#8P=&@@86YD('1H92`Y




M97)E=VET:P@3&EC96YS964@;6%Y(&5X=&5N9!T:&4@17AC;'5S:79E(%1E

L

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q









M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@








T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC

M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

M=&\@=&5R;6EN871E('1H:7





@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V










Q-#@[*2P@;75L

Q


Q-#@[(&UE










M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M



#`L
#`P('5P('1O(0R+#4P,PP
#`@;V8@3F5T(%-A;&5S

B4@;V8@3F5T(%-A;&5S(&9R
M;VT@)#(L-3`P+#`P

C`L
#`P+#`P
!O9B!.970@4V%L97,@
M9F]R(&5A8V@@06=R965M96YT('EE87([(&%N9`Q)2!O9B!.970@4V%L97
@

@9F]R(&5A

M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

Q-S$W


Q-S$W


M;&]R.B`C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q-S$W


34E)SX\




Q-S$W



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q-S$W


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G



M/G1H/]S=7`^(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q-S$W

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-S$W

M


3`P+#`P
#PO


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


T0G;&EN92UH



M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


@87)E(&EN8VQU

M('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@4W1A=&5M96YT(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C



M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


2!A;F0@26YV97-T


30W.U-P87)T86XF(S$T.#LI(&5F9F5C=&EV

30W.U-P87)T86X@061V:7-O









M.B`Q





@*'1H90T*)B

F(S$T


30V.W
@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&5Q=6%L('1O(#$P)2!O9B!T:&4@




M8W5R:71I97
&-H86YG





M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M5&EM97




M=&%N(&9E97
@;V8@)#4P-2PT



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@









M(AT:&4-B8C
30W.T9I;F%N8VEN9R8C
30X.RD@;V8@=7`@=&\@)#4@;6EL

30V.W

30W.U-E8W5R:71I97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z








30V.W
@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&5Q=6%L('1O



MG1H92!C87-E(&]F(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE+!C;VYV97)T:6)L92P@;W(@97AC
M:&%N9V5A8FQE('-E8W5R:71I97




M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



C`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@



2P@
C`Q
PT*=&AE($-O

#`@86YD(&ES


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



L
'0M



M=&%L(%-E8W5R:71I97
L($Q
0R`H)B

30X.RD@969F
M96-T:79E($]C=&]B97(@
C(L(#(P
3


M871E(&]F('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0L(&%S('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



30W.T9I
M;F%N8VEN9R8C
30X.RD@;V8@=7`@=&\@)#(N-2!M:6QL:6]N(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B




M/B8C

M5&EM97


M=&AE($9I;F%N8VEN9PT*86YD(#

@





Q-#@[*2!T;R!P

Q

3`E(&]F('1H92!N=6UB97(@









M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M;'D@9F5E(&]F(0Q,PP
#`@9F]R('1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!A9W)E96UE








3`T+#`P

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X


M86YC:6YG(&9E97
@;V8@)#4X+#4P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





38V+#0P




M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q-2P@=&AE




S$L(#(P
3D@


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C






@

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/C(P
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,3@L.#0X/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/C(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$X+#@T.#PO



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,3@L.#0X/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/C(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

S




M9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q






]

T1)1#!%3$4^



]
T1T:#Y*
M86XN(#



]
M



@3F5W(%)O


B`F(S$U

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:#H@

M;&4]



#$U/]B/B`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

2P@


M)B


Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8R)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXH
2PS-S8L
38X/]T9#X-B`@

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@S-CDL,S`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M=#H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L
M93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

C5P
M=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




@*$Y/3'







X



@3F5W($IE


@;V8@




L(%-E
'0M:6YD







Q+`T*
M
C`Q-2!A;F0@=&AE(&]N92!M;VYT:!E;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#

M

'!T






30V.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T
M871E;65N='
N#0I!4T










T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M;F5F:71S(&%R92!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!B92!C86QC=6QA=&5D(&%N9!W;W5L





M



2P@
C`Q-2!A;F0@=&AE(&]N92!M
M;VYT:!E;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$T+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S

S$L#0HR
#$U(&%N9`R,#$T+!N;R!L:6%B:6QI='D@









T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C


Q+`R,#$U/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@


38P.SPO=&0^



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=#H@


T0R

34E)SXF(S$V



M:61T:#H@-3@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXS+#@U-2PY
#
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M='

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,RPX-34L.3`S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXR+#`T-PX.30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





34E)SXH


Q-C`[

34E)SXH
M
BPP

M87-S970L(&YE=!O9B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$P
PY.#D\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC



34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C


M87@@3&EA8FEL:71I97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



6QE/3-$)VQI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@97AP96-T960@=&%X

M=&4@:7

M9FET(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M(#$P

34E)SXF(S$V
M



#$U(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=VED

M;W)Y(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@S-XP


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M

M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@U+CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

34E)SY#

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXT

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@R+C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SY)









Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXM






]
M

M;'-P86X]


M
#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$









RP@

30W.T-O;7!A


S$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



S$L(#(P
34N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-H86YG960@





S$L(#(P
30@=V]U;&0@;F]T(&)E(&UA=&5R:6%L+CPO




M97




M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-G-T871E;65N='
@:6X@8V]N9F]R;6ET







M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M871E(&]F('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
L







M:W
@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97



M97







M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@







@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE








M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY#87-H









#$U(&]R(#(P


M;W)M86P@5&EM97




M/3-$=&]P/D%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@
M1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='
6QE

L

M8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD($%L;&]W86YC90T*9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L





@


M8FQE+`T*:&ES=&]R:6-A;!C;VQL96-T:6]N(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&%N9!E




BPP

T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D/@T*

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$U(&%N9`R




@3F5W





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


S$L(#(P
M





M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\8CY*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R
M,#$T(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$X)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B





M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#`E.R!B;W)D97(M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G

\+W1D

T0G



'!T)SX\+W`^/'-P86X^




@3F5W


M='


38P.SPO

@3F5W






@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M8V4@8V]S='

@87)E





2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@

2P@
C`Q-!W97)E(0S
M-#8L
3DR+`D,2PV,#0L,#`P(&%N9`D


2P@
C`Q-2P@=&AE

S`L-3


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@=VAI8V@@87)E(&EN



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@9F]R('1H


2P@
M
C`Q-!W97)E(0Q


]

M;CH@





@87



]
M

]
T1T



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@


BD@=&AE('!R;V1U8W0@:7
@9&5L








M;W)M86P@5&EM97

@=&AE




M




M:6=H=#H@





2P@


Q-C`[

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


2P@
C`Q
R`\

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M)B


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E


34E)SXW.38L




Z(%-L;W1T:6YG
M+!$:7-C;W5N=',L($%L;&]W86YC97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P
M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

3(L
S




M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C@L-S0Q+#8R







]
M


T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S

@8V]S='


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%D=F5R=&ES:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





M;W)M86P@5&EM97

@:6YC=7)R960@9F]R('!R

M92!#;VUP86YY(&%R92!C:&%R9V5D('1O(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@87
@:6YC=7)R


#$U

M9!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R

L
3`T+#`X.P@)#(L-#0P+#0R
M-!A;F0@)#(S


T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM0F%S



M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY3=&]C



M='

M92!W:71H($%30R!4;W!I8R`W

M
30X.RD@=VAI8V@-F5S=&%B;&ES:&5S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!A8V-O=6YT:6YG

M;WEE92!C;VUP96YS871I;VXN($ET(&1E9FEN97
@82!F86ER('9A;'5E(&)A



M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86-C;W5N='

M('1O(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE97
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`U
#4M


@;W(@4V5R=FEC97
F(S$T




@3F5W(%)O







M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



@;W!T:6]N('!R:6-I







M:6]D(')E;&%T960-G1O('1H92!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!S97)V:6-E+B!3
M=&]C:RUB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS97
@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@96YD960@2F%N=6%R

2P@
C`Q-0T*86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9!T:&4@;VYE

S$L(#(P


M)#0U+#8X

S@L


S$L(#(P
34@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9!T
M:&4-F]N92!M;VYT:!E;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R

RPV-C8@=V5R92!D:7)E8W0@8V]S='
@;V8@


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






L('1H


M97

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

S$L(#(P
3

M:6=H=#H@







M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M97-T(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2!T;R`U('EE87)S

34E
M)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V






34E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




@

@;V8@4W1A

Q-#@[*2`Q
3`N


-FYO=!H


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



L




@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD





M('-E8W5R:71I97

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





2P@
C`Q-3H\+W`^

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY#;VUM


M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2PP



2XP

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U


M86-K(#(N

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.#(E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/C4S,RPS,S,\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M

2XU

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXX.3(L
#8W

2XP



M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C0R.PX-#4\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

S+#
S


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

L(&5X97)C:7-E

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/CDR



M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T+#$W


M:6=H=#H@





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




2P@
C`Q
M
R!A;F0@=&AE(&]N92!M;VYT:!E;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$T+!T
M:&4@969F96-T(&]F(&-O;G-I9&5R:6YG#0IA;GD@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q
M=6EV86QE;G1S+!W;W5L9!H879E(&)E96X@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92X@02!S


]



M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@






M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M(&)Y(&$-G9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@=VAE;BP@:6X@=&AE(&]P:6YI
M;VX@;V8@;6%N86=E;65N=P@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V



C`Q


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY296-L87-S:69I8V%T

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\



]

]

'!T)SX\


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^


M
#$T+3`Y+`\:3Y2979E;G5E(&9R;VT@0V]N=')A8W1S('=I=&@@0W5S=&]M
M97)S/]I/BP@:6X@36%Y(#(P
30N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN#0IT:&ES


M;CPO:3XL(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!M;W-T(&EN9'5S=')Y+7-P96-I9FEC#0IR979E


M=&AE(&%M96YD;65N='

M;B!3=6)T;W!I8R`V
#4M
S4L(#QI/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VXF(S$U
M






C`Q
2TR
S`F
M(S$U
3L\:3Y2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N(#PO:3XH5&]P:6
@-C`U*2!A


M:6-H(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!D96QE=&5D+B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0I3=&%N9&%R9'
@
M57!D871E(#(P
30M
#DN(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7
@57!D871E



M=F%L=6%T:6YG('1H92!E9F9E8W1S#0IO9B!!4U4@




L(%-E

M
C`Q-P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0I3=&%N9&%R9'
@0F]A

#$T+3$R


@;V8@=&AE(&%W87)D('!R;W9I









M;GD@:7

M52`R
#$T+3$R(&]N('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='


38P.SPO

@3F5W


30L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N


30V.W


M(%1H:7
@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


C`Q
R8C
34P.S
P


34P.S$U(&]N('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN
M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97


M
30M
38@*$%352`R


@










34L(#(P
34N


#$T
M)B
Q-3`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SY);B!-87)C:`R

M06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


@82!D:7)E8W0@9&5D=6-T:6]N(&9R;VT@





34L(#(P
34L#0IA;F0@:6YT97)I





M9FEC(&5F9F5C='




M97



@8F5E;B!R971R;W-P96-T:79E;'D@861J

M($-O;7!A;GD@:7

@
M;V8@05-5(#(P
34M
#


W

O4VAE970R
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M97

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q









M97


S$L(#(P
34@86YD(#(P



T0G9F]N=#H@


M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2P@
C`Q

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

S`Q+#$W

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:61T:#H@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C$U.2PX
M
CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*#0H-CQP



]

M;CH@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M9VAT.B`Q


T0G

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXS+3$P('EE87)S
M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-@T*#0H\<!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ


]

]
T1T


M86YD(&%L;&]W86YC97






M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


#$U(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S

Q+`R,#$S
M(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


S$L(#(P


38P


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#0S)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/D=R;W-S(%-A

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M+#DT

M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXR
PY,C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXQ
BPS
SDL

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V





L('1H


M97

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

S$L(#(P
3

M:6=H=#H@







M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M97-T(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2!T;R`U('EE87)S

34E
M)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V






34E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;6%R9VEN



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@






M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH


#`M)#(N-3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/D-O

M


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/C0Y-BPT



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/E1O

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O
M=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



2PV.#
L


M;W)M86P@5&EM97


@
M870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3



T0G9F]N=#H@


M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C4S
RPS
S
\+W1D

2XP

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR
M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M
2PX-30L


38P.SPO

@3F5W



2P@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R

T0G=F5R=&EC

B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M

M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M
34E)SXF(S$V

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


W.5\T.&0P
M7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X9F$P-R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5


I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#




T1T;W`^4V-H961U


T0G9F]N=#H@


Q+`T*
M
C`Q-2!A;F0@


L

Q-C`[

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\8CXF(S$V
#M*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$U(#PO8CX\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2P@



M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-3@E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X)3L@=&5X

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C0L-3(U/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/DQE87-E:&]L9!);7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXR-S0L

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2PS-3$L-3(P/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V

M(#(N

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

'!T)SX\+W`^


M9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$




]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]

'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9'1H.B`Q



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C
U


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXD

34E)SXV
#`L
M


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q







]

T1)1#!%5T%!0SX-

]
M


T1T




M;&4]






T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M=#H@


2P@
C`Q
M

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@=&5X


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

Q
M.PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M9VAT.B`Q




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


Q
M-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#





34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



&5R8VES960\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SXM


34E)SY&;W)F96ET960O0V%N8V5L;&5D

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M



3$U

M=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C4T
M
2PT

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/C$N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D5X97)C
M:7-A8FQE(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

M



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C4Y+#`P,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(N.34\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#
Q

M:6=H=#H@


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O
M=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXT.38L-#`T/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



34E)SXF
M(S$V


]
T1T


M

T0Q
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\


Q-C`[

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\8CY796EG:'1E9#PO8CX\


M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U



38P

M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\

T0G


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


38P

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXY+#`P

M=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M

M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P







30V.W







M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U




M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=&5X



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQB/D]U
M='-T86YD:6YG(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P,3,@/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(#$Q-24G/B8C

38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/C$N


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SXS.#8L-C8W/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

2XU


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





T0G;&EN92UH

M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M)B

M.B`Q





M
2P@
C`Q

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

BPP

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXS
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXQ+C4P/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




3$U



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

3$U



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SXQ



M(S$U

2P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CDR

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P
RPS
S0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/CQB/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

2PP

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M
2P@

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T
M(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


Q-C`[

M86QI9VX]


M86YD($5X97)C:7-A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P

T0G




M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\

M;&4]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M



3$U



M



Q





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M;&4]

M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E
M)SXD
2XP

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


M)B


N

\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D

M+6AE:6=H=#H@




2PP
M

M.B`Q






M9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q






]

T1)1#!%6D8^


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97

]

T0G;6%R

M86P@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

Q-S$W


Q-S$W


M;&]R.B`C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q-S$W


34E)SX\




Q-S$W



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q-S$W


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G



M/G1H/]S=7`^(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q-S$W

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G;&EN92UH96EG



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-S$W

M


3`P+#`P
#PO


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


T0G;&EN92UH



M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G8V]L;W(Z

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY*86YU87)Y(#



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXR
#$V

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXQ.PX-#@\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

34E)SXR
#(P

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M(&)L86-K(#(N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


]


M9VX]



]

M



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

T0G=&5X




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



S$L(#(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M



34E)SY#=7)R96YT

34E

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B@X
2PX



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/CQB/E-T871E(&%N9!,;V-A;#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXM





M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXH
S8Y+#
P

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B@R
2PX






34E)SXQ
#
L


34E)SX\8CY);F-O;64@=&%X('!R

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^




30V.W
@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S

@


M86P@5&EM97


#`E



M-24G/B8C

T0G=&5X




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M92!-;VYT:!%;F1E9!*86YU87)Y(#

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

M-24G/B8C

M:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/C
L.#4U+#DP


38P.SPO

3@E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(L
#0T+#@Y


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXS+#@U-2PY
#

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/C(L


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,S4L-#0Y/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q




M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@

34E)SXI

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M.B`Q

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@Q



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXD/]T9#X-

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@







M:71H(&%C='5A;!T87@@97AP96YS92!B96YE9FET(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]P


M




M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V


M87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$U(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



S$L(#(P


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=#H@



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

34E)SXH
S0N
#`\+W1D


34E)SY3=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B@U+CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

M=#H@



34E)SXH-2XY/]T9#X-B`@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXT


M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@S+C`\

34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

3$U


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXE/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L

W
M.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X9F$P



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R





M(&-O;'-P86X]

C0L
M(#(P
3


M871I;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='








@8V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

#
L-#`X+#`P


]


\+W1D


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@


W.5\T.&0P7V(V
M-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5)1$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


]


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS

]
T1T97AT

]

BPP







M






S`L-3
X/'-P






M
C
R+#0X


]



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S
M-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D
M9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@





]





P
M




%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X9F$P



]
T1R97!O


M=6P@3&EV97
@*$1E=&%I;'



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#



]
M

]

M9G5L(&QI=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR('EE




]
T1T97AT/C




]




]

]





]


]

]
T1P

M960@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





M;&EV97

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(T@4V-H961U;&4@;V8@17AP96YS
M97

@1&ES8V]U;G0@06-C;W5N



]


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3




]







]
T1N=6UP/C4T

]
T1R

]

M


]



M9&1D9C%?-3

O
M4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L(#(P
3


M=!R871E+!M:6YI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]


]


]
M






]

N


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
RXP


]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]



T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@


]
M

T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@






]
T1T97AT/C4@



M97AT4&%R=%\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A




M(&ED/3-$240P14M
04




T1T


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]
T1N=6UP/C4S
RPS
S




#`M)#(N

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

2XU

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@Y




]





]
T1N=6UP/C(L

W.5\T.&0P
M7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X9F$P-R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5)3$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G,L(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]T9#X-

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D
M.&9A




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q+`R,#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3



]
T1R93X-


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D
M9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L
M(#(P







T1T;W`^1G5R;FET=7)E(&%N

38L


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






Z($%C8W5M=6QA


]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#8V



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
M



W

O4VAE970S-RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




0R!;365M8F5R72P@

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@
M

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

0R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






]


T1T;W`^4F5D=6-T:6]N(&EN(&EN=F5S







BXV
M


M87)T7S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q
S4X-V0X9F$P-PT*0V]N





]

M


2!-;VYT:'

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M2F%N+B`S
2P@


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PS-S
L
#
V



]

]

]
T1N


3



]
T1T97AT/CQS





]



]

T0R/C$R


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R/CPO


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
R+#@P







]
T1T


]

M86QI9VX]


S`N

T0G;6%R


BXU





M9B!A=F5R86=E(&UO;G1H;'D@8F%L86YC92!O9B!0=7)C:&%S960@06-C;W5N
M='

]
T1N=6UP/C`N-#(E/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M


]


M
2XP


]






M86)L97














]

M;VYT:'



RP@

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]
M

]

3$
@6TUE;6)E

]


]







]


]

]
M

]



]
T1R93X-

]

'!T)SX\





M86QI9VX]



3`N
#`E/'-P



0R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@









'!T
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97











]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


3`L
#`P



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-




M-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q





]

T1)1#!%3T@^#0H@(`@(`\


I(A54T0@)D\


T1T


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C;W5N=',@
M4F5V;VQV:6YG($QI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C












;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D9&1F
5\U
M

3
U.#=D.&9A




M:78]

]
M







T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PS



]

]





]









M1&YU;7`^
C`P+#`P

]
T1P













30N


]


]
T1T97AT/D9E8G)U
M87)Y#0HR







C`P+#`P

]
M
'1E;F1E9!M;VYT
M:!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\<W!A;CX\


]

]
T1T


]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S-SE?
M-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q

N:'1M









2!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$U

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]





]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C@N

C
N

38N
#`E/'-P86X^



]

34N

3
N


#`E/'-P

M97)C96YT86=E(&]F(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@

BXP




]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G



2XP



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@N

34N

30N
#`E/'-P











T1T;W`^5F5N9&]R($]N92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^









5\U

M8C8V-%]A
3
U.#=D.&9A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@3F%R


3(@36]N=&AS

M1#(^
2!-;VYT:'




]

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$T

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S
M

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`Q.2P@

]



]

2PQ.#`L


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]



M;G


BPX

3DL
S



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#4U/'-P86X^











]


@


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDX+#`P


]


]


]


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;W)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@














]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S:&%R97

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


]

3
L

@






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

C`L






















M=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@86UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

































]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]


]



]







]


]


]












]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@
M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S
S+#


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K











]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
P








]
T1N=6UP/C(S-BPV


S
L
S





M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P



]
T1N=6UP/C@P



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP/C@P


]

]
T1P








#`\

M





@:7-S=65D





]


]


]


]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
T+#



]













]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1T

]
T1T


3$
@6TUE

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R













M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




M











M;G


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#`P




L($5X97)C:7-E9#PO



M;G5M/B@Q
#0L









]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3QS

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]





]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P












M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@











]
T1R93X-



]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XP
CQS

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@








M;F=E(&]F(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








]


]


]


]








]






]


]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G













]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO
M;G



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

M-%]A
3
U.#=D.&9A

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]



]
T1N=6UP/C@Y


C(L
#8W





]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1T97AT

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#DX+#`P


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(W+#0P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(W+#0P



]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2XR


]


]










]
T1T97AT

]


]

]




M4&%R=%\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P



]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(W+#0P
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS
M('EE87)S(#$@;6]N=&@@
3


]






]


]



]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2XR



W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF
M83`W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S1C8F1D9&8Q7S4S
M-SE?-#AD
%]B-C8T7V$Q




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







]





M2F%N+B`S
2P@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

BP@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C(L(#(P
3






]









3`N
#`E/'-P86X^






M;V8@97AP96YS97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C0P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]





@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
















]


]


]

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

M86QI9VX]















M1&YU;7`^-2PP
#`L



]


]


]


]




]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C`P

]
T1T97AT

]








M;F]N+7)E9G5N9&%B;&4-FUO;G1H;'D@9F5E(&]F(0Q

M=&%N)B






]


]



RXP


]



]




]


]
M









M/D9E97

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P























]
M

RXP

]
M











]

:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$










]

RXP

]





]
T1T97AT










]

]


]


]


]

]
M

]
M









]


]




]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



































]


]


]


]


]






]


M1&YU;7`^
38V+#0P


]


]


]

]
T1P

S


]


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@













L($Q


]


]


]


]





#`L










L($Q


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!R;WEA;'1Y(')A=&4@;VX@



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M









B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@









]
T1T97AT




#`L
#`P/'-P

















]











R!;



]




























]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P+#`P


]










]
T1T97AT











M9&1D9C%?-3

O
M4VAE970U



M965M96YT(%EE87(@*$1E=&%I;'


]


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L(#(P
M
3



U+#4U

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`S+#`S


]


]


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!2;WEA;'1Y('1O(&)E(%!A:60\+W1D

]



T1T;W`^06=R
M965M96YT(%EE87(@

]


]



]

]


]


]









3`P+#`P
M


T1T
M;W`^06=R965M96YT(%EE87(@


C4L

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%\T8V)D9&1F
5\U

3
U.#=D.&9A




M(&ED/3-$240P15I$04



S$L(#(P


@06YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97





T1T;W`^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S@L-3

5\U

M-%]A
3
U.#=D.&9A






]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

S$L(#(P


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]



T1T;W`^4&5R





]



T1T;W`^3F5T


#`L




]
T1T97AT/C(P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]


T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;!C=7)R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]

]
T1N

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#





]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-CDL


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0VAA
M;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$P



5\U

M-%]A
3
U.#=D.&9A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


]
T1T:#Y*
M86XN(#

M/DIA;BX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]

RPW-30L.3$T*3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M


]



]
T1N=6T^*#$P



T1T;W`^3F5T(&1E9F5R



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-&-B9&1D9C%?-3
W.5\T.&0P7V(V-C1?83$S-3@W9#AF83`W

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#



]

]
T1N=6T^*#
T+C`P)2D\




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+CDP


]
T1R93X-


RXP


]



RXP
M


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 301
170
$ 159
829




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
000
2
000
        


        
102
166
346
192
1
604
000


        
        
330
538
        


        
8
477
100
864
19
408


        
232
481
3
104
088
2
440
424


        
45
681
438
343
894
827


        
$ 43
666
$ 171
981
$ 731
894




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in contemplation of a convertible debt offering or other financing
 due
 for example
 to default by the share borrower.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      














































        
        
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ (1
180
003)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options
 Granted
        
59
000
318
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
082
808
219
332
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
3
055
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
635
801
227
430
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
98
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
66
668
        
        
        
        
        
        


Number of common stock shares sold
 value
        
        
        
        
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
33
258
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
13
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
8
667
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
20
258
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
136
587
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options
 Granted
        
        
        
50
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
8
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options
 Granted
        
        
        
10
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
333
375
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
000
        


        
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
133
333
416
668
236
667
533
333
        


Number of common stock shares sold
 value
450
000
        
        
        
        
        
200
002
625
001
355
000
800
000
        


        
102
166
        
        
        
        
        
82
796
141
791
80
536
1
604
000
        


        
58
500
        
        
        
        
        
26
000
81
250
46
150
872
106
        


        
30
000
        
        
        
        
        
17
333
41
667
23
667
30
000
        


        
43
666
        
        
        
        
        
56
796
60
541
34
386
731
894
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
14
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Number of restricted shares issued during period
 amount
        
        
        
$ 35
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
200
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 796
177
$ 12
725
100
$ 9
282
562


Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
20
925
385
844
540
941


        
$ 775
252
$ 12
339
256
$ 8
741
621




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        
Note 1 - Nature of Operations
and Basis of Presentation




 Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada corporation.

Current Business of the Company



of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 and other similar meats and sauces. The Company&#146;s customers are
located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast
 and Canada.




 2013
 the Company
 Mascot
Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&#147;Merger Sub&#148;)
 MamaMancini&#146;s
Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&#147;MamaMancini&#146;s&#148;) and an individual (the
&#147;Majority Shareholder&#148;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) pursuant
to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&#146;s
 with MamaMancini&#146;s surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company (the &#147;Merger&#148;). The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding capital
stock of MamaMancini&#146;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&#146;s shareholders (the &#147;MamaMancini&#146;s Shareholders&#148;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock. Immediately after the Merger was consummated
 and further
to the Agreement
 the majority shareholders and certain affiliates of the Company cancelled a total of 103
408
000 shares of the
Company&#146;s common stock held by them (the &#147;Cancellation&#148;). In consideration of the Cancellation of such common
stock
 the Company paid the Majority Shareholder in aggregate of $295
000 and 800
000 shares of common stock and released the other
affiliates from certain liabilities. In addition
 the Company has agreed to spinout to the Majority Shareholder all assets related
to the Company&#146;s real estate management business within 30 days after the closing. As a result of the Merger and the Cancellation
the MamaMancini&#146;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of the Company.


presented for all periods through and including January 31
 2015 are those of MamaMancini&#146;s. As a result of this Merger
the equity sections of MamaMancini&#146;s for all prior periods presented reflect the recapitalization described above and are
consistent with the January 31
 2015 balance sheet presented for the Company.


a reverse acquisition and recapitalization
 the presentation of pro-forma financial information was not required.




and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;US GAAP&#148;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




        
          

        
          
            

 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














Risk-free interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Expected volatility of underlying stock
 minimum
        
        
        


Expected volatility of underlying stock
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
$ 600
000
        


        
        
        


        
3
100
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
Generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus (a) 2.5%
on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory.&#160;The term loan
bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%.&#160;
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
600
000
        


        
        
The Note bears interest at highest prime rate in
effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0% and is payable monthly.
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Repayment of secured debt
 monthly installment basis
10
000
        


Note payable
 during period
        
        


        
        
$ 560
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
(81
819)
(1
376
168)


        
        
        


        
(21
825)
(369
301)


        
103
644
1
745
469


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 854
995
$ 1
541
640


Accounts receivable
 net
2
233
211
1
029
632


        
301
170
159
829


        
107
242
140
511


        
2
213
037
1
373
036


        
5
709
655
4
244
648


Property and equipment
 net
1
124
745
978
027


Debt issuance costs
 net
101
197
46
264


        
6
935
597
5
268
939


        
        
        


        
1
216
436
595
297


        
1
409
098
222
704


        
120
000
        


        
2
745
534
818
001


        
440
000
        


        
1
587
447
        


        
2
027
447
        


        
4
772
981
818
001


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value; 20
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 26
407
376 and 24
187
375 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
        
        


        
12
766
116
10
993
973


Common stock subscribed
 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 and 833
333 shares
 respectively
        
        


        
(10
603
761)
(6
543
285)


        
2
162
616
4
450
938


        
$ 6
935
597
$ 5
268
939




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Beginning balance
541
404
541
404
223
404


Options Exercisable
 Beginning balance
428
845
434
177
        


Options
 Granted
        
59
000
318
000


Options
 Exercised
        
        
        


Options
 Forfeited/Cancelled
        
(104
000)
        


Options Outstanding
 Ending balance
541
404
496
404
541
404


Options Exercisable
 Ending balance
434
177
496
404
428
845


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance
        
        
        


Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled
        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance
        
        
        


Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


Common stock subscribed
 shares
66
667
833
333
533
333




        
          

        
          
            

 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
$ 826
340
        
        


        
$ 4
141
$ 170
113
$ 33
891




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of other physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        

2015 and 2014 are as follows:



    
    
&#160;January 31
 2015 
    
    
January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    

060

    
    
    

027

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

351

    
    
    

034

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

124

    
    
    


    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        
$ 1
060
066
$ 1
027
431


        
16
887
4
525


        
274
567
2
733


Property Plant And Equipment
 Gross
1
351
520
1
034
689


        
226
775
56
662


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
$ 1
124
745
$ 978
027




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




        
        


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




        
        

warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    
    




        
        


    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ (243
644)
$ (4
060
476)
$ (2
947
608)


        
        
        
        


        
4
141
170
113
33
891


        
1
322
100
953
        


        
        
46
197
        


        
2
015
94
775
162
933


        
        
171
587
        


        
        
        
15
343


        
        
        
        


        
34
217
(1
203
579)
(600
284)


        
(47
550)
(141
341)
(35
709)


        
(4
986)
33
269
(71
347)


        
(232
009)
(840
001)
(788
871)


        
        
        
        


        
(227
747)
621
139
410
054


        
(714
241)
(5
007
364)
(3
821
598)


        
        
        
        


        
(52
672)
(316
831)
(877
522)


        
        
        
(295
000)


        
        
        
(30
000)


        
        
        
30
000


        
(52
672)
(316
831)
(1
172
522)


        
        
        
        


        
        
1
180
003
5
000
000


        
(58
500)
(174
211)
(872
106)


        
450
000
100
000
800
000


        
(47
586)
(214
636)
        


Borrowings (repayment) of line of credit
 net
222
704
1
186
394
(200
000)


        
        
600
000
        


        
        
(40
000)
        


        
        
2
000
000
        


        
566
618
4
637
550
4
727
894


        
(200
295)
(686
645)
(266
226)


        
1
741
935
1
541
640
2
008
161


        
1
541
640
854
995
1
741
935


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
526
132
803
8
640


        
        
        
        


        
43
666
171
981
731
894


        
        
        
83
757


        
        
$ 400
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt and the cost incurred directly for the issuance of equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
20
000
000
20
000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
250
000
000
250
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
26
407
376
24
187
375


Common stock
 shares outstanding
26
407
376
24
187
375


Common stock subscribed
 par value
        
        


Common stock subscribed
 shares
66
667
833
333




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Note 10 - Stockholders&#146;
Equity 




Note 1) the Company had a deemed issuance of 800
000 shares of common stock.


 2013 through December 31
2013
 the Company issued 3
333
375 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $5
000
000 in proceeds in connection with
the private placement of the Company&#146;s stock.


 the Company sold
533
333 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $800
000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the
Company&#146;s stock. The shares were issued in March 2014.


the Company incurred fees of $1
604
000 consisting of $872
106 in cash and 30
000 warrants with a fair value of $731
894.


 the Company sold
300
000 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $450
000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the
Company&#146;s stock. The shares were issued in March 2014.


the Company incurred fees of $102
166 consisting of $58
500 in cash and 30
000 warrants with a fair value of $43
666.


 the Company sold
236
667 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $355
000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the
Company&#146;s stock. The shares were issued in June 2014.


the Company incurred fees of $80
536 consisting of $46
150 in cash and 23
667 warrants with a fair value of $34
386.


 the Company sold
416
668 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $625
001 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the
Company&#146;s stock. The shares were issued in June 2014.


the Company incurred fees of $141
791 consisting of $81
250 in cash and 41
667 warrants with a fair value of $60
541.


 the Company sold 133
333
shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $200
002 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the Company&#146;s
stock. The shares were issued in June 2014.


the Company incurred fees of $82
796 consisting of $26
000 in cash and 17
333 warrants with a fair value of $56
796.


 the Company granted
14
000 warrants to a consultant upon termination of the original agreement. The shares were valued at grant date and the Company
recorded $35
000 as share-based compensation on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.


 the Board agreed to
amend a previously issued stock option grant awarded to the Board members. Instead of the 50
000 options (10
000 per member)
 the
Company issued each member 8
000 shares of restricted stock. The options were originally granted on April 23
 2014 with a grant
date fair value of $136
587. The Company reclassified this amount from stock based compensation to common stock issued for services
on the Consolidated Statements of Equity. The shares were not issued as of January 31
 2015.


 2014
 the Company issued
a convertible redeemable debenture (the &#147;Manatuck Debenture&#148; as discussed in Note 8). Upon issuance of the Manatuck
Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&#146;s restricted common stock.&#160;




 the Company sold 66
668
shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $100
000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the Company&#146;s
stock. The shares were not issued as of January 31
 2015.


the Company incurred fees of $33
258 consisting of $13
000 in cash and 8
667 warrants with a fair value of $20
258.




option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



 2015 and 2014
 the total
intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $219
332 and $1
082
808
 respectively.


 2015
 the Company
has $3
055 in stock-based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted average remaining life of
the options is 2.74 years.




warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 1
 2013 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 31
 2015
    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

027

    
    
    
    



 2015
the Company terminated a consulting agreement which resulted in the forfeiture of 98
000 warrants which were awarded upon execution
of the original agreement.


 2015 and 2014
 the total
intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $227
430 and $1
635
801
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001493152-15-001673-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`@TH4;S[2W,7LH``)A80`1`!P`;6UM8BTR
#$U
#$S
2YX


MO5R599/4VS.3+8\?66]FQB[;R5T^I2`2DIA2`4@;6O_^NL&28EZD[(D4A22
ME.)`+K1_4-WH_'@QW^\#1SMA7+!//?3B7&FGVC4M3R;N;U/)[\^52Z?KN[N
M3K1__/2?_Z'!/Q__JU+1;AEU[`OMVK
J=V[7^Z!](P-ZH?U

M?`7[Y8YE&M7WF#H4)_@Y#2A58[JQ.M4DG1[&_4M3W^Z^/=N-F^[P\OSL]?

MM[.W+G3EFOA0#!]#*5W^

Q)JF_M73=T.&?L/K'MPYW


V/ZZ0+%P_#Q].%64+
Q@69\&JFT5S5
MO[!$7$0E1XAPW&%+A$=63AZ@
S4IYF!)]QSJ%A81SY94




M='++O4&H=1



3_D
M5;





32VMK.*SOS






'KFQ!7$PL4F\7F4?)+`U7)1



NJ

UI`\-L

MM\1B#G3@


M_P
M/_O%UF;9/9#.HSK\F[PD^A\%.PV?`D
MVUF=9#OAL\)/$?$3J2EK\E#J




T`?.+%J:

(%1WD


M%4320F2RQB)\SBP8?XF%]!A`#^#GRX.ARU?HROP)OX42V

MFD#3G%P3:$YFQ%)I]T/T):6&Z5P_\TZ8H$8R)TQ0=;M.F$RM(=_[?9C4=KO

]



M]33]M7'7Y8#UVFOCK@N`D\(N253Q%.)BG!S'6\L/XZWWD9J*AY_UUPXRM[?L

M5SZT6QN*\6KP%.9;3B;^_SIMA$1WLFG4?Z0MV`/E'^PBQZ]_A4#B3/[U_^



+0OOQA*/U*+LA70<^HWZ5P'G4'6*ZO2$X$3#$20?
MH*G6;&HQZ+CX=*(C4LQVHVI^/$]#Y+T,U5,P9)K5JFD8FS&$OMX%\S6(AM+




L!M

)5[A+

P$XXV&08F6U0AM[:





)L=8

V:]MG
M)+
!JYJUEI&%CZ7;;N9'9*;]9M5:HY5(CJ\F\WZF4EG/:ATW96[*%(`]&`3R
MF
$U'7)H6483\-FA
JP`QS#`#8;A]O*EC6^\X-!H-*9W\&V%G7UV
]W.P$:S
M6=]]/S&]P\(#`U#LIB%04)=BX4NW_%PC_(S=.SXUG?4V_W_+OC?QAJPA\Y


AA]^
!IZSD+]


L9Z2YGJ\1F+/*#J'T1``]GQ

MLL


MD:$`$\R?:ET0.I@3*`DF-$SM2\D


M4/8EM#V#9A#NP66DM90FA($TSL`/-LQ(G&M!MTB04-0_

K&5YC@-V@4%G1]JT+&=KBJ1
)4



Q++HT


MPZP



MG0:CQKJG6AA(=BC8T)[QLI69%P\\=_(!S9U.G$F?9`.AM-#PNR)&P@#+PCX
M0]


UNX0Y


M.'$3(4``79%1$Z$OZSAQ?DZ++9J8-FBSV$+%`T'!WM!2-_30$H%?$0G'@D8(
M;%L



I5:9?/S_


MX$6R\NN?[IX98$`)$")AAS\DN10(S/3W=/?TVW=PN0J\CD271+1%TCB!`


M&HRER)TB$;95#-)'/T5COQ*IIKZJCIUJ)\2+^+T($NG8(L/S/Y$M#
\ER'U0



Y
`X+X

M.\/?`#I(
0L(H3
R+B1Z4
6Q1$(5'#[\&.0S)98)`2'\$%8`=K/R%@(L_
PM
MZ6_D



2C!L#JPF3EP



MV*MNQ%6'I(@D32CDO[(39ZI1E3+]$KWP:L8B;]I8]J9Q3$UC(`(2`_%;4?

M_QLMNIR!BQBE@`?`NON77\Q?BB\DR_+/7]P6YUF\?N$BC\5VZ*W@0'6PC7WM







MP#!RV.O'(V6-F:86#P#@4\97O8#QJZ2\=[(=(L$'6+?W'L5HR!D19HKRTP
MB


6T`_
\;3


+;SBI[F\

M2_+A!$`\XT!)Q9LF:4G)SHA[2G3!

MJ&2WL*N9N+M!6X-)=3(IF(`0M[Y68\@4Q$_10R.:N6B^=#Q



9$)S/




;,6MNW:[ITF1,EUXN3D#?CW$SGQD5R;@3)75/
Q$CT_GCD7$M9V]E*
M7A
LNUK*6F$KV6P7L).Y[;^'K;P*5&
G/U
[^106LAI)E0;JR2QD-9+*L7(2


/U/<[)!L<][NZRQ[TA%JC(
M=!$(-C[


MLM$3=S


MIGRF%




TO9JAD?HFMV#]*E&?[07CI3N^H?%HV
MIGX&]CO7=D`?\B

`\WML6Q0!UJP6JQT$4`#;N3#,K9RK
M=_1.M9P;S]\M(#DZO5ZO\/2WXO8VSO4)[P^[$U!J;GGQ@:370@98Q@7\OSDD
ML`Q$BY[LH:C7$.]E,?6EOWJ8%0.NNB7!3G<OS)'8:1THT\Q=4I;BGG?FG71)
MAGYAR7!9W/#DC+U^0)G8[E%K:G0UXQ]Q/O9W[U+65O@#RPM((<]!/5M5/0-







F1V-3[ZP9KGB:JD3:]

M1Y

/5\+(WCPAHF-GX6^)7CI/5G




4%[DNS'6E8W@Y3KE
MQ3+*!TOUV^2(H@7PCJ';]GF=8.DGVNL$7:P%\F'RIW4/'W!E6)DT=V\ESB5!
MKO$


MGZIE:;M@]&'!5T!S6U
JP

T8F!D*CH.V\#+
MW0+_


M*W]*

''M(2



S!NUI3E!WMEMDPXRO7.

M)RRE;#(?0U9@


MM6/![.`DYNN6R.G@??PH`8[/Y44A&H)4(C`1;\&+/A[V[K15D%BHV6L)6AG@


M4TL!R


T+4+35U_HK$0



ZLSZ.4@&_.)^#U(3)6VL0VT2'3%
M1


H
MWMGU'0U`TA

M&`UOUF++JSPXNT9K
#+6-%NC9:XP)SQ8@#G[P.M=H]FIU8



7A^':S8JS9DW
MD]`37J'51'%$IKC_:7331@-5B
.`N
MA/](MK]9

`+F/]@
M3YBHR;:)W`D%/'WSGYX
5N

LF[@

H


M/

MVZ&_EU@22?R]!N$VT&33=5U__9LV1E/1QW;!CK4
V#M-?DI:!A
H6WH/;VHP



M841Y7.9/7@+!]1^L_SHM0#=VM3?-3JNK=Y_#NG



[G9)`&44/XC:!_&8+^VO-G#'AE^NL5M9%PSH7VM_M9





W1J5].KU%8WS+(_LQ3

M*



M&;-E1(/`0T9ISU[5F':PT9C3SI!B%EGG3-
I]#6*CIC7*
P4KU]^CIO5;W

[
9QT!J+:.

W(^2CN*AOQCP;%KWZ6&E`Y+2A49AUL=
M.T*7
_4SO






NN.6P-
MNQ5753E?!;.VS-*41FXLJL:B:GP(==GHAN)K(=\;#\)9&KUUPVKC06A*(C\7

M


M2ZP+G88EMK'$OR91`'KAOZA/P

?G_TRF#4



Z'



T.L'-G;PE1;P?SJN0\L@+?+B)J-

P=:4EZ$<H\EV0^%MJG?+\E.^R83*;?4

5\9_[K#2]'9-UAU^


M'@Q4]

9PU!O(



MW\P4XE6'S6:/@GN`Z(]7L

MY@GV!R=3D:@*''$`P4PQKA&75UX0%LV[V`A8I]LW1DJ!ITWS[0O;5N5A+8]C
M)=_FD



M
3!&0WG;;?N4%4!85M4;=(SAJ'M



BT=Y


M^6





HPDW3T8#.&/Y#0O;7\&_\N1#:C
M[-I;YA.[[5V(2V\C[`H[%YNW.FA+W5XZ+1\KJ0#U'Z73W1=3^<-;IYL?]!*
M9
Z&J?:$


.GI'2=S9.E








V._^%.F7^G5/N\=:S8].
M


R$-0Y73!:'XC(UO;F97\*0=[GDMP#3-


Z%LRYIR)T[9#C3;1E\]@F'1T2*B
\/
MS,Z&2GGT*%/MU:5B


\





P5%3+M=#O#8W)!%05+X:P:'1/F*@J3

KV9_2`HF$PT+&H
_'YK_G/XQ1Q\


M(I(*I\0.1Z?CMPWAW0(3;B]^GXK^KH.%ELOWN27`#F`!7'26D6(;(_RFN3&$
M??HUGNU&E$RU

K9OL3


C_J6^
M


L]TE^
?SM;4M[
P.P




MW?:]Z'[N12%M_`\XP.%;RO

:HGC

MU










M.7$\C$BWM






ML'`_NM

#B8`
)F@





DF6



HA+.@J9R$U2SQT8;'J/





*#(CI(W&=C0''\;SI7/++G
MW818L;Q%V7\`@/6H&N.F4`W317X?:2M$9T)RMSK.J^/NPK31*IVZKXIQ/&
MIR02.3!R%Y%$\B2IEQXJVK;X%25)'/B`T\4!_FU8*X-0



)(\%E&\J.;Q&+W4#7^N.:2L8*XU!]TF^275/G)Z:'/[?@YJE6.#
M2CP5W!I?R






(AX`;0NANX#K'
MS/8#7$M+?,)4SS?7GZYOWFI.0%ALV#AW)MBRJCTB_/DX`7H)B0Q9FD7NZ)/
MKE/^NS/:KY#D!::1!DMK`BO#0D[T]Q)S9\7?:V!O@_?1GH9S?%1__9LV1EGD

#C@:YS+$7PO&5/(UY)_3&5+ZA(F5=PU^
M`PW091=SNB`,D!B]UUDH:?'&Q66#4AV__*+&6-4H(8O$!;J6)
_-:/=`PR3
MTSV]W5M@D#)DC3!7)
DQU_RL








4-G6&X*\V)`R:W!EE-H9Z3F:
R1[]H4\J:;Q/9/






U6,5RPCHX,(_--I]Q/F=`5)U52Z'R*
M*4,!%7A[B/<JR+P7H]R&`223.5&KJ[EW
/)8_F3N2!5H![O13N(\E&6PM0T




<Z?YT5%7!S1]E(H2E8O$`\+Q0HK_
MS!B.1)Q`H,3E+$2NK<PQY<:=RV51?.PN-W4]C$Q&B@YFDBK5[`]G2V<LX
C


/3E&?R6V

.JWC
'@8
NM2+8\SL$Z
;HT[-0A<HPYBN=B#WNM8;=[#
R\.-SVNGIK

M1JMOGK.(JB5B!X








*3S

GS4VP
M5?!4E'W'%R*'/X/5&I4RP`_P;D

\M)&YB:SGW*3DRWD-
&3YA&[M&OR]KFE







$Y''2Z:0J::KV7!;BM!@-ZZ+
M&;;*H![0#/O&@2Z^'3/USRWLE<D+U-MF_S6JC4:[/WC]')9_2ESV#8%+W6AP
MN1<N@1P+I5NA?/U`832UAS5$F+HHW0;.O:
%&/N\SF/C)SBFXE
D5$EK;Y+

9'3[0KD=!KD

=:J
M--]C/YD_L0.&N226QML'H\RF`*HH)B.#\]3M3Q2




`O(6^:0
M?+=&(1P&H;`6UIUA2Q(.+/O+8RI0B*Q[`F
I84H.0LWI^;JHIK2*M(`.




MB
;!Q+?'HJ#-2_*
]_NM?O^Y%G)(;;)

O7ME?=V%$!2G]QY0^ZHSZ01L5E.T[+


SGK6..S$;'
M;'3
51VSTRU6O_I\6+W1
:O1


\IG
X?G
M*UF4H8$)%P3+--V0M9I&CQD5`:@PSVR&-_YYY@9=#X\+]F$WOAPN:FF/U)D[
M*04`!ZM](3



:E!9+M61HN2]``F6:(:7
M
%2:4:K[R$4^A^_1AF=P@#%5UJ).\N4E+WKO+B6FEF8'#$\NR])-,11'.M1
M5)Z#@X)3OJC_A`6=\`7F6I/P).T,ZTI0J@.+]]%T/,ICTZ









M;V:OX-3)S)HR];L4WVF7

MRE[$`R!?$4!$H.GATP74\:H4UTPW+0POH2E*PP6;H_,M,N['W+ULCSM1T[
MFQCI@2Q`V]B_B2-&^UOD



7:CG]L@`D#))H[85)6ZI)#4-@O(;$GP\=/WZPNC\T$]

ULCBN%HKA'


M;.TW\[S0]4(LGQY


MO+K:1S)P56)*





MYUZ9ULJYM=[M9H[$


N]ANYNH-<_6+Y<-YQ^V)/U;6`
HNB
M]ZT4QKT+O=







I9C.)\ER/X?W^-
M@HM[RUJ^NX


M/=+
X

MTS_1D/_H3INLDE5D?8R/$IDX;W1DXOP7:V%]08)S[55?RE\]!RV%`+6.25M[




C
MJ[(RX$`+2WE8


!E;QQ@
M/^T)ETQSM9&G8VK0%#Q%^M/I?'.Y9!7-(RCJ_Z*@<-##:]I[LVB=R#@*!



M.FSDFRW1*SM.0`@L1Z@6\CXSIYD92$L
NR0M*?B0OCV.N$U'?DQE-.'?)&ML
T4N^A-YPPIK[J
N[)C#U\&AX)MQY&=\IY1ZK_TZ(D]6D4V
MZ:YV&!]M]@3..]&0Y-]26\V732/+)U:K8QN1G31V#)0^Z55OOR@KF\+^






Y+=?6N&4R

UIZV1\M


M9[-U@7S]



_

M7

M8_F%;B[Q

M

A)\<[[0W!G4&!(TE(#T(LR'=2:SF8D/?.'<3U6\*V.^52][X
$T


EC

S^
M^[O]$#G&'

\;2C;*B^
MLKH/G2@O:CJ.DU5P#


&@!_1:

+/Y=V5

1%&]B.;
L(L7V&6C_$L^/CE!&N!D=.2



MX@9HDX

M24/










B
MI]L5R.DTR%E#SJBS*SQUUPP^V%1+H4C'@$-M68&

M9F8[)W4+.R?*Q(@S$T3(G&J



MXC$LSHRE#BAUB_?_ICIL2D=)*PA`'J![WL6T%)%JPO_BO2KY6EL[8Z65QI'2





S#:VJ46L*6%-P1%



MC
B3PU8%DZ@]I#:8CM?*



(!3'UT:_\:#/?1XPB;Q
MNR6+@@64DXD[%X5S3^1*X@YQ?0/L)]PM#_4$,_/HS3M+5\]<6%LB-&]]SX6/
MO`J7R,A^AF?Q-X:7'-0\_O3F_


M2+PXJP4;.!7%Y7A1UW!NQS
&T9+J\S%15I#/YBMMEJG4H
_D*(F;U_O94I

G\0(


M_T*?EQN[^/ZTY)W!;^






M



M870^J`?;6K%_^'9]%Z2L&AA#D%6KW0

MO!5H_


*6D'(R/.+L5(




M!;$RMK(NJCKON=R6)O
(;8-07K6V


MU%L+F\=XY

-&8.`#
M

MDCI6-0B2JBB

:H1(O\

MUTWF3'54D-J5I@'(LX2PG9M2:8I`]0(0^UM%LNT+0QZ+0G&'@Z!7/5[E^)

M=''D0YDA8_A6$I+CK


V*U!83


MMC7_$;!9Y'P&53PX3T4Q47M
J?=0QB-LWX


Y[POFB;@
B6$[%QE-H`Z/L,_,M@<F\3;

X4@!XH9`
MB1WBW



MF*U.!\[^7O^



M
2O3

G)2ED_6NW#LMH$B4?K64C;PY=NO`
9N9TF3FG*4'(EW^XKIP^8NS\C$8_=9P


6J)R&JH
M%'\@%ZZ(L]INZ&F6%K!)Y-LAMGQ?1OYD#H:S9MW[C$QF[0V^+9;5'?SVQ7*M
M



92F

5\R*+_&


GGHLX102%D!)41B$0

M4TL@(+8LHZ$T06F9PF2:[(B%?_`&S;)O)278='O#UJG$RN#,8P*&N]82?6
M&`FN;;%GFI


@H5S;XI
@5T_ETO?^TE-5?GR8A'/'Z.#0D)I
M2:Y



$*PM8:Q:Y7*_
MKZW(C0+8]6A)`[H6UQ4_N9
5P@!#4=H0CI!34D#X`.,Q&=TOSWHO=:6JRX

OWNW
MOOT`[]XZUH2;P=F[V96[29\[NMRD3R!-X8




_XQ$+\&1@K$2W@=P#+3\D;LO3`:[F*W
M?FP^Y/)T;$FG5WA[1TX;=:&?OE[##K=1\NZUG(/AI%
53A(Y5Q`GO=KB9$6?





M?]UQI=OTN[QIR#NIDLZE2%/XQAX\YP$HYN^4-70JN6\:/3T)*&P'-'==GV0F
M14T6ULE;5PZ@:T98W&@D@_%M%CR'/'0
.
R$**.



M7_LU!3C](A-O-

M;?$+77K==KTB`5X@9%+\:'R%-Y\N7N&5]?-0?


2!8O(SMWB#P




:DV_(YROK'@S]+HK!M6&PN^


M-DGFOIMM$S=^ZD5@@1V
3U=F.:?;P

M#KU6X
MM1R&+828&[$_/&\:?&65-)
RS$YG9/;4WJ49



^H
S4(S
M?V

INDC'JZL-C
M`5=V&X?=P6!'V/Y@+O
M!YZ]GYLUPYWX+3EU6XL0-CV-.[*I5MGK

\`Y)DHAUA*;LU


MU0.I2DA*JR
]LR1.Z
K_6Z:N`-*M&[T)
MTLXQ(=VZYQL@U8V=(96%ST1-
UY_V9&KRHAF+V)(@=X$_2*P6@'!B[`72X



M?[4=$=^Z#(_^.Q,@B3;F\XZ.DE5K2I1:ZT:]D4Z_LS-[0MRMQ1!D#HW`W
MXFPP#K.0NBT
HQN(^1M@'QR)SZ#N3XP_M]/[N5DXD5N&'QC$V8_\*X'521B


VNOIE0%WZ[
EJ)Z5A@LZ9G\C]M)S5@%C



D(=F=H&KW1\/20ER:<@=$U54UN

Q8VDE9?/IJ`2]MU@_


M?K%^VHMHD0/P/9?`@R?.S()!$LKH);.)I%OAT]QJLB-R]+9(G_XWF,X%PEG
MGS]?K:6))(NY2/I[:%


M'K]8(4A5RZGS.LVL=:[!OB&/)8_7NA=FO[XW(DSXY14P()\)U^7C)0FN/R


M&J/[F5

-S#O/?`TMK2
MM\$T6





M7_([(
WM*BZ/3G7?F;\@+:






:^
A2/3SS$N@3`92F\'O


M2?[H_Q9H5W.;@1[Y$U[&XJ+:S6QF3X!@5KCQ#]@D[$&GB
B8M5H$!U!9P
'5


;
$F
EPZO8(N3R
MI\Q^]\&;T//7H+I8#D?/-7Q7.'OY]^M__N^O&T=2I_OHAG`@B$XUW\CQ`)H;

6Z(]L2BDNA4MP__[54V?-&6U]VK][







MP:W/%G;N5=R2I3&


-_2VP.P7E
MV.QZ

M+C\O1_$BKBT;IB:2L'KP

P


7
M`MU+!!.1KL'&`X\QYYF)YCFP`EPVH&;

R[E+?3


+)45

M%;C?6WB++LZ#Y

@@_7+E.!X8[0Z
M@W[+Z`\K@/;MRT/?T&@-C5'5N#NM]([U$DIXI=L\G[U)HY_49F'/`#6GUKU/


M_-RPJW=:_6[W.1T3

M#EKJKI;A4UEY8VX%VH_V75N;\1@59OS9&M+@L?Q@D;6+[_Y&%'`.W-UYO/
MP5LLX6$M02S\M+%XFO.DO1JVAU_(VG_5I4_A6JD7^I47!/)9L
3B)@\
JYU8


T
M.[5G



6OAW$=0BQSMJ,W]B#!5*=/KI5PD]/
M0(*+HY'0);+Z`O^<
..D!*6?*'()D[CV*7WDI0%)+8A!:FI`R+:*
*4^E
M9`G\FLRF%1PFI9BJ`(+2P4@2LY_(60'A!


M)QR1-*

MU1W'GQ?
PFS5J;:
?+SQ$DHBLCDA


;!.)A&7L51RF`07?N_`60R'/-^ZA%N2'EDO%1;
MD,Z6YHM


M

M3)EZPM6?-TYOX`RB@I79B*W]58
=XG['B3]E;&`=XF'GO*+C96F(`Z$WS$U$


MM\5TR*CIMGC(C3BS&+3;?&@V&VZ+9Z.+%[=;





WCI$
&I\E&EU0C5C;R0^=D+



R(
M-3#_%OEV

M;G^4@%L6B`


M9-T=$=;I=;L9IZXZ]*[3%U*)8;N&N\^O)%1R9^JN9)./AM4I]H2FF/*6CY7=



M%;D1'C/1\A



M=:
=
\K1EU0_A*Z&1!J$5DVAUL_R.TU
VGT`:A^R%T-:#8L'S5U/H68-

MH:
JY'`7C8.);X_9]+2@%;I].HWE,N`RE@I1Z1T\)]!;ROXC2EX/_&@A#$
M1XAA0'B

B.[9E`0=%@WEA



M.UKL$8/K&F:OEPKB%IXRK;QN)D'LUL&^

M[&ZX`:1$UK%'*=7N&CNKA8LS#UEQ[Z&B$$\`?AA@_\R?T.ZG9@4?)ES@YU


EI$+$;$P$BU)M(-<`$

?!=QM%^7W!EQ-$;UYQ#C&
MW%Z*LELE815IK@YZW=V(W3'_P9ZP3]_NRN6S]K+2RU=`2RU!O8/P'`JBXP1Q
M-6AJ?(5IK5I?N]!PJ5B
DB^6H

9+D*S6MMZB`/*8E
M62Z/TE&M9S;5;#?T-$M#UNSW*DF

??W')W4







_+4%/$


MW



MJ/

.^MV%_O^WK7P3\.1!MSB:5
M2:@?






#\U!OCJ@@C3!!YOS6M/D`ZK;-7M$#Z%`K
M:RCWT`W%6[USH=QC4$C5N


M@X??#%KR-AKP;/WY]8#T\:,N9AJ+W#&TZF!#/RCKPK
!$=-\3[2[R^X(:$

MU'8?P-:2OK95+
\K6'YMV3YQ_B5
M.I-=_LX,]KG[%/(E$7[T^+O455U30

M;WLO`!]96?\OF3XVXN
%TD?6G8J73!\;\5$?^JCJ0)


@:[U`87*M36ET

^&654J







@9PTYH\ZN
M\-1=

`Q9@][ZD/\=&_/=Z:M@O


MV;CKCM=3%.1N=


UP-M(+)T6


5[R3BP1A
&SU.J4R



`=AWZ4+XM]_WOEZ,SJZ.3D[
MVT$\</R%XU$??][QZ<[/__SSGY#X^?27T0C-/86AVA*W=&9OZ0_H0MGA0_1




MGV5L'X+@\7!W]_GY^;U/GYQGRK[Q]RZ%L;NA(7-QQFNU6MVAO^Y-]\:3@_%D



6^[]RF%#V`0?$=3PC

'Q[_'_
R_:C[[8%Z^'C

M$5U=

MN&PG\16CPC+!6OI@


P0&_;?

AS2)T
M
R?A(SE=J1XSAWVHFY_


-3V!D4-HK=U8*7+F&LA:STXQ58P
/8'
M!4.EEW7&GX9X)I2[#!XPR]5I16K=^+@`2&$P?1@4)K`%K


#95K8=V
MXV#`=



69?^(\DN!U.[QBTE9'
/0C#L:F067K(+J6Z_4^
M7IPZS?^/1?3R7`51H7R*5X2EV@230CMT!,
'!P0UB'X15+:E
0OZ=L//12
M#A@EC:K6P9)ST]&Y

?2N



8.BVMB_39

U0#:6S?8
+=2LV&!D8I==WCKVAII6<#*04;D184+PSOG^4



F;U/%C-!%M'W#&-


MAB\.\64&=ND+M_-(.8G]4'SX;E(/?!
=#.0?[`499AC[`!5)-9-W;TUQ_/O




O#&&AZ6EN*W\
6-!K
/]!HC




M7]\


F
MJL6
NU!
E3?HU*B$-77VT*7(=7%$)W8UVM5'DRYEK_I)G=25&*@^1]^=N!JW



FM=/^-CE'T4XUH33,4BH4@FNRR9WC4F*#P:R$8S'-])+_(

*!4:
M95*C)64HEALE@J-


.AD.]HNMF



M^0*.L$^C^&_883KH#RH9C]X(Q3&0B($2.=(E*'2W1IDHN8QC/4D
@OXX6R




34P
3
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``VM60U5K5D-5=7@+

Z=29T]5/+Z

M9S?[Y*))2.(9BOI&R=7Q^`I129`,@1+0#O=A=L8&FE_WAVLWT/CYOU[G

U_


2E5]0X_?_Z\G_QV5;14\O6)^*MOO-M?P5E+IK]UHW6%?.'W



+WL\0BD(1G


MA9?!?82=[S/LNW0X//\CIDU$&J&4E#X0UZ*]A4AU[6%DA[
+'[_4:@ZE2NWP

.S66P0&'$Y%T&
MU\B.GFS?'S^%*&2+H2O?$2&3K=\.Y1WR:;MW:2^
E@_$#D+;D1H]1?7:H;KR




M!'(O

M`KO68QQ'R:$:NB)A\]LK(HX7
H^%

%


M)+#[+_=AF8N8^1Z+\

SUE_@U!76$N[A-

M0PY='7J^9]=P*';T.9X-;.*LS%!5.(\7.*VY.C3*CFF^3]2841'$B9_0GNO1
M
2)

M=@'X

MG]VKP*1R&$FZ_\0.GY(Q(`[WIK;]O
^6%OO(C\+53Y+%QM[!87:1XB_9CQ_7
M





`U%_:.Z_&/5L&L*.V+DX&2BEQMXEUJU


PQBY9S%A

M/8T4IJ`N
+E'9.$YJ



PX^EP;+JRDX'-A.GD[@+
U0.0E)

G%U`75YCH

LD6
6P9TS:;)RX9.
M&3=ZH6$[

MF@VXCJY$*


M.`W_



*^EN9
MJBZVTOI7[%



MI=1N4/*_/O)G5:DAR!'%=?*4
K\!RDGE?NK0G2-*G2Q'92D?G%0JY4IF#7!;


&OLCI






ES]%F.$^[XX
]H=H)97
MDUT&T%+D=)G_3:

[.&RV








&70C=T):T^4E^


RD/%

V/Y=
Y]






M#42936ICC2#RFC[O`I`W#E!$=TFK

M)';BY9;3`+/*OV

+'O(H\M1X[9
M7Q@UQ[E5/W1XQ6:VC[=8<!'EFFI4B%#9\
JJ*H=TDV
G.(!!WE:I%BBYTF2
M8S8

M#7ADCQB=8D*5\8(IU8;^)EK6BWA`4AX_&.Z#J:U

MPZ^G;X?M9

MQ;=?KEF$R[-]:=N7ZNR.Y:NA0W9O&IK=T8B[L2PVU`6BM6FPM1]:3Z+T*;OS





\A'
MSIF@\\!'[K'1_

N)$[V'*T
MK5E.BL7$#*=9AM


MB/^WY_L
`WOE[

-4
Q
M9I&/*27*NC)O)
K+
)ZXFJJ8V:V*2ES3D8'Y/\]D#SI(5=\Q)GE:@%.29E\D



)W0X0U-;WI(LN$B
!J0QCGTNV.


?D$;`]A;W&MU:?/N%&M+9*:8IAB1L]YD)6O=03F/14

MJ^8Q@XY*Q5;]%04N)J*
6ENE:&_:`;-6@H9](8;MHC=AU\



)Y=T8[OPW-CV
M!7?GJXN;O6#BZFA:]+

U2


:P'9]Z-Z;[38Q


MI^;;I+TX76[*W*:I#Q/--NH%[JUO!RQ^*)IQNOF:GJ5'-;VX!WT-79?L?E
R

M__1\5NL

J#VQBVV
MNN#

M;0?]WAQ+SPIXP50NSR]8_O%0TYD(!3E^!4J!DV'CHQ.*SZ^F!X/9QA4'B1FX
MDZ*@FMF3HY3.IB4QVL(J6N4#Q?5

F^Y)_2P9]
















M56V;;D&&3-KXN:GA9%:#DUEZPV##R2QS;6WR6D[[R2PUE%Q36\[CN8B40C$#
M#P^!



'L))MC:FYH=6*RL\RP#TR4KM%7&T/FR
M`BEHQ(YL.ZY]@T.4)@^U09L#.'ATH;&CF]-;%SKRZ)$W?AA9@LUQA$_@FX

MU

&






<T]^&G#<@&HDSN-VT5POD7:]SI)
G
MV(SG40(^R)=B%TCFYB\%HL]0Z!`O20S!#W3P:AK






M$(61YXS8N42R%*6GJBRNR=LE[#)8#KJ9XU\RI-/E\17]A/\_




M


\0VK_P`VG%M(^1M

M;6UM8BTR
#$U
#$S




MM637V.-?`=)$?]0,'@W61B4C&;&SRE!/VOTT;LE/[5Z?MO3[][__7G(OJB
M:7S6@GF6X'N\1*R:/Y2O&T+=(J;
^Z+^NU6.EW(P29Y_0_6_2?$3
7A$/_0]


B@4KMRI.GX)@

S(Y;

HW0K\FB+8^W
M)/FD`GA/+


F07O:GU:F3KA$C2Q15.3S\]?/$_N1QB@N@7+OK?__G-



MV:`<\FRK@Z@2NDY1K09L:+O'91G.+H




MD3`

M

2-8`]/^7*Y.
MT%\(S2C=_NJ8;I?QTXH!OXWMB297\D
Q707DY))I`*25!J:!4'^KN?2]8RX]
M4N83P(\KG.-@66+-$MI2T=-T:*B(8DI4:`'DE@&J:9GUKB98V:H?FF?G55%F

2PBUK*30#YE[]&/PSRQMTN@A+F:#;0U45
MT/[)ZE#*.TN




KR^%\L?X]F#-VU
)=







M1A
+9Z'DC#+6%6B98]2`02!;F

M4Y(\XWR1M:G5QS3K41^OL?PMLS2BCU\D_YL
E444
2<=<!2&G
MCEH%S.ADAW/(O%O\@OXW?2?@E;WE






]]9$/Z&(QIO&N+X.5@DF-Y&H6'2*2E=




6U[2FCP*89
M\:^J/(U+
HO1#



&K`)




MO1/%!MV0-4R6KARVTJ#N/=WCHLSCL


M0PEG2PPYM':5T?_9NW'5F(:FO:

MS@\3

T**OPMQ_C



Q2TB%JZ













@&H6*92940TT*-&N)Z_NCT

XU%!0;SC48#

MIW3#U=OMVAO'5/RSAF[^[3C3D?3#&`&JG^M&$V#+&9N

Y



MI=$'$D




$;SL
MZ@39#6RH*T*]WM&KN)WGS.#[TYU:'LQH9`%2G/RXDN@@1MY0*OH[S$A/L1
M]VWA\ZPHS7!E-).YSP]Y-Y

)4E$<X+GC'3X(*V5W?[ULJX

`G)BTC@\


!7;XJME0#@R]-.!4+YN%3!8(8;(@;;J&@2\R
M2:=T44/ML444@T
6)39AJ4\?

M/N.\C$D-FEK=9B4V\
BHY3A/IDT5!FDR=2I@B&:'4Y(`L=%*1'?4B^B7LTH
M+MA2&P8!.Z/P+;&U[;S7E?4T]8EP%;/?5A#L!A`E




HE;33$T`]Y-YIGUP4
M#&'U^


M+H


_E8JJ0V@NCT@0SHXZ:_35
MMM`B+3D2]U9NW&W:A%1R1\-5150TV^H`91VIA&N@F^&+BT8RFSQUN4?!-









:';Z.

'#]-IF^Y+#<H.263505ZO-)J
M@)G7K&`*2W6JU(Q


M?J+';+KA28-1]$QS45C
88AOLS3KC[/Z9;=)R?G89*R`
#8I-8!-?S98%8LH


3@$44&;0A+X@
2LC/

C07-EM`AC.@B(.J4
C


MF\)0P$OKL;\7%`BW*[1!$X^:[
ZM;1&IQ#*YP%7V?$$@OM;Q$X/GF@-5U`;]W!&R)8GE'H&8)

M/^#\.0Z%


M]'`D^_-;_
)^V640[N@H*Z\.K:#;JL(G:A2M!;\!$U%WEMVY**@#(
B@I9

=9ZD$?K0]EM*OY*U


M537QTU`



I.?3&^Z6E3R9&+A^

MX]KE
@_$J
_O/`3S7:;:2YP:E#O$?

M_9:Z7B+G;:HC#:;7*8(96


M5R_U%-RE(




M8946GCSIP*GRZH-

MA+KR:EDRMZ]\#
25(A[R]LNF@*]04P3A
%B*SD+^Z-X]#G'\K$E.:*?JEYCJ





.9


MG);!&GWP'#9CU[
XH
+;.()BA9.$!;

A`F
C7///EMK^E

;1LO-G3/M=9;78O1<0@85_KKS?09YV6\
M2+#E,1H^!J'%-!5`]%`'.1()





M$_;.(%N$TI&

MN%$YD/+.'R




M&P5G&UTKX.U.5ROMG4[6$*5A8\TS$Y0L




M-


M
`C+#R'8+NF:;M=FT3/US-(D7
MEG

M1

7ZB67!



T)%=*^UOX:)?:E'O[++#)]SLZ@2WW8()


@_<)#35(8PR/IP//E95'&:QI[IZC?4


M:WEV`&


M+:2D;



M!NV0C507

M.(_0WN


ML59FI&S488V.9*M48;([SY[2F(:)VGI8C'IN1T;+:O3'18
2&`[:(A7'1*:'
M.HHP:$=[P'SY$%A[]'0*;H.)3
#[@4
J:3#4
D(4`X(*]H`R4X'!IEG$KO84


9SF/R2/;DR0HI;6F;W1$/VSXMGB+G`1YO&&_J7R
M1&9L


M'CK1X9M1TM$.]U%HG?'@-=5UV.;C[


MV6U
U23SE(VZ=^KNCEG'2UX

MSD-'Q4


M;@UAVKR
*Q5@3]BS*IIW@[DZ:M2/I(O0ORUF5;G*\OA?./J41CCOM`9=D!1G













M!O_

ML2



-9N$N
QH!\\17IUWJ8P4C381&6[).ZDS=%E


&VP*P)AWQCX(KO4]!<#0N6JR&<
+&QZIWC;4*8612QTQT:PL9]
UC!M.KQ;

ML57SWO''8]6^:8G;C'JXS:A7\8QZR109]28ZRZ=9P^JT8!]HC_F09X7RZ%XA
M[/2D7@NX=S`OE01#




MO7;SYO-OJYOW&]5M-^??_@-U\UZ%[;LY5_N#='-?QGEC'=M+C_[C=.5Q?1A0


M`+S93;6\V?P9[




I



M[@]+T8E)9[9L)*8?`S59SB_+7+&]UU39VR]YL!M[ED%H:3\V0AR2JE6P

MP2CV+!9-
GN]WN39
]^1Z2BE4W#)*3/P+JG4TF!8980HWNVM%5!7`P:ME(LG
M';5



?(_9IO`N

M*DY?=K$`WSO4ULB#X9@%2.&D6T:Q5Q@$NR%KX?GRG.P-8Q6A^B).3XDDX'KG
M0IW?P1!$`DIX`0&'%=V-1WA-W5(ADT7+(.1W+A=!^!OY=4$V\+WGT@KFQ(J;







M)2I*%DE(Q^&_MR,S#8?($7Y75:E'E%73STZ3!5-*5$T&F(JA)H/]O24`H
MPY30A.M(Y=*E0+@
S6]WC#

M?&*D?U-*52TX:N+\J0]38P)X

M!8EGT^@4/80K'%4)1O

G%$LYT5I%PN
M*Q40N\0:B'@?`?2XQ$#N5HKN4DGG)QM6&/3H.VRZSL`'YM(SYK084X`_5YI-
MQ=0N-ITV&J.ABQF0%^4:($#MD/N':U!I.K'H&3+_PNK:V66NOX(:JB.FIL*
M1:TU*.5,G)=JW#/WB31_Q.]J4,?!+DNBJJY]\#]4.PE$K*[(%6.Z?.H3(R]
M1J)+5[QK84Y?O-FKPKT';'8J0RG]X(O^)FJ]0+G]:W?6K/_8ES!RD5/])4I




YVL&*MBV1H2Q2Z(S
M')GG*`^BI#_8-SB];U.'_










JM(



B[)?G.

M55+AZ40=^1-TAI_B-*6=L7[3]6UTPL[0==!.*/G.



C;C[MA7DN71Q6E;<:W]K#L[JH=LV*6&%PMV73=60;$A]N&-%_
M_9C6O.;]$!SC[9KO
%185S5K6:I-SLF%*-B90\Q+DR)`-38
'W3CAH?IOO\


RZ2.[O'3
?B;OZ

?=9MYPVZC]


MZ;'%G8YO!V
J@8-^\LA[I3X]P0&_]Y9[IBGEP;9O'EL8Z/BVZ(3-N3-`[Z-'
MWD

M5!TE5/4H.IX^AY.+#QYIQ]/D;SK\U]YBQ]LK=]
)6I%)
]_#]

<F$=VB\)_[B-O5;98

M+7%'/D#J0E#

J*-
M1X]5J!+:-%I[D]-B772%Z=HO2!ZSV=-3CI\(@`]Y5A0---/L;=;WLEJRK99T
MX612]DZ^71'KEU-+C!&FI:`R0T%3#GJB!1%R\I(.1$FRO;C'RRJ-Z';@8Y:6
MJ^255(H'K\MJ;U!P1CHKXW+M-(P:&4#47`D
5WWBJA-==BA.(Q8@=BC9SL
M!*VL8AIA9VPQ`FZ9HI2$P1(3O%#9HKAA'+$P2QWGJT)*5E(!)ND4M-0ZI4



MW34O$`6L1+0)X@@MLYQPNE

D&7FTXU

(

K8_%O6OQ7O%0+AC62XGF[VJVYV/



+3Z(WO50TT5X0I'54(/P2J:8:0&4_



RPESUTIVI]&Q97@G[9[`
MAV1NBT%!4PX
!M?N_BM

IW@I9*NUUG(:F6=7A5X
GEX%#/OL








H4HJT*HCKH%Z[UWS!
0UK*VC2M

MA(&;1D1J81RF!




MG#[=X3S.(N7C




MB^8]9







&*I(0F



M(AXMCTF!U.?.2D2OI$@O%+C-TGM
$0:+I`GMOL*8Q_(+MM9*PS*J#50ASSKI


,WDR)ZW93,IP;6B)
M7&]04@ABI=`L8]O<5JP@U)3DW<!D6UVL</0ARZ*3\YZFXKR@
VH!&NP7*V'

M)=Y&WG1;8FLULPXPNUD#%BS7IN

51ZL`
N@MV
MP;9V0VG'V^?%S/?T@2/J?B(PX@+?Y7&(U9$?6FE81K2!.K09T^%^
ZZ%F%HO
MV@.





ME#EK]X(]ROZXM(FI39WG-$*\S!SD5_NO@V,BLXK+K6%H]8^:B+`75`H+/Z










MVNAY
=%/.(VR?*;P6?5^A64&;1ADW,9-/-Z4XB#4?9&OP.L95-B;3J=LY\



P_VBBA1@LQ-?0/
M7X]=:@\+:'JLO#C;OXDRRQ5H5EO-&XQY^)U*4@7HP7PU*'7Y64=
^D&!@%







UJ:$]/S7@3!PN:

1VEZ!3MSP71E]2\:\\-?]U6F+2&F7-
M`I;G5];^
CE`!M#&UJ@$6ZH?\+3&_OJ`/3;9)F;]3E48Y/V!:T&(*M8`A5Z
M$LVW=5KNTJMZJNW\)@'17R[4@B`X\R


M+C99$?.[?MQ/]EZZ
-9J`+*U)5!A^4S4ZJ4$RE+4T:46\^I`)(-WC@F;+C#_
M]W5:/U=9;
]%Y&L.LQX@PXV*ZY)N!+ZLE'_BCX+WI30.4$8\3F$3*%9TRK
M`-IL
IR6]NJH@K'378[I*_.:!:5)![2U%%`M#59K-UL!
$:[J/`5$6$IC&AZ


2P6TF@
M#3ZJ`F.GRB;2B;IJZV*1_\
.LG2FN0#O\NPYCNB+GI_(\OHZ;;U!]9.O@[8
M:P.R^PZ@A=`ULN&@9:F$/I

:K(GTFB51V'4BE6@#
M\.H$=.

M[%*[UPXEF\UM%B:`%R
C%B#PEAS;

M7(1)5E0YECYJ

.@[O



JJ&U%;ZKRM
QB!P`-
M%
#MR.-H'VD7`PCXV&858_T^L-:Z3KE_8-!4[

1709RS@/1)IYZIP0%:
MV
!KDP-
8N+



@Q:
4G!K@N
M(LJH23?7ZJ.V`$_VNUPN
3W5QOSB.@%Y3P:*\RPEO*L(]6H.#E[-&J\-R)H[

W_
M

MT6CQMZ^^W+^;W)]=77WEI9D?S?PPCLC?OHKBK_[K__S/_^&Q?_[ZO]Z]\RXI


_R=/O)#Z_??_AP\H']4Y+_-:31

M!WY6F)GV


@YGS
==
M_#-G)@+F$-3+(3@V@KU'E\/9PYF?+B_#^
7('%I$_?BY8?X](74K8U[BU$\I


M=1CH.(/2]^/RCH3




`




F78BH3/;Z\D


MDK`%)FLU25


MM@`J_2

$\;-C'-T&?H+
ML?KWF@#5_@F3VH52NE#W69YP$2]I&O@AW_






MC$BM

E5Z=GI'`L(8YOEZ)*LV
M7(JAI:1R%B




%`.#E2O

8;CI!(72Q'VW
2(^'J#$4#FL[8`
XY

MM_5Q8=;VP9#`^IQKETC*/%`TE6=6M3C2E1:RB0UG99)H-*+BZ.456K)K!A


[GRG<K9U-]CJ-5&EC
M4-2=7`P15Z5NW!+Y%GY+Q/NZT=^?CK=&#K-K8UJ?)@7/LV(!?4N28OZ';N3D

M7%\]&1BVIBKP0J:^^ZT0L

M)GSZ4Q*YOA$S#'JX)[X6H[I93TK@^M;
D&AAG.\


Q0$
J(0_T_
M)7&:WB;Q7'7$VFCD.@YEIGJ!?&
_GMN^:;-YM5?OC!4DKN

M#AD/O&+2.1OU85R^2UWRK$IE4)*Y#E[HE;^?PP#0`@[`?B(1DRWDEQ5G*QH5

C%9.!M=LR@8`66_L

'DQ=R*L4J'ID$KU$T=.[J)W=;J8#4@

T%ZZJ=
MO:BU\T(A0(7OU^F32VX^$'\H!V)$%CR
@V0HWL11W/0VVD6-CLYY@9%.6
.T
M




22U
Y]7:XAF[R=QRN?1HJ5H[@Y
M

MZ`(42!

=A/^VM1N
Y/
%*_5AI
PV7_3KING
C:H[D
8S!`U++C
MP.=`=_#M.Z[60M_^U?NGXO5$QD&2N8\$&B3C=\_`M^\`M3`DNS'C*WTO+:


M%@Q





M*
KK^D;%<:;0LH3(*
/@L?3Q2N3HW[0I-V





MNK82C-IYHJLY-CILY4IZB[[^*GIF2HX3JDIAUY`Y3YP=W@@$:GF+Z+.=[Y-/





M+Q1'-1441VN!JL%PA&AG_&
9KJXA5H9P^[`6LQK
/LPU]T9W$]O[O`/L)I1]
M06W'_DWHWKL)@


8$H
JV^D$SVPK4)/%JS3P



*[KD
MOV]TZLX539.%'U7EY7;UJ;FE1;
ZB]OL'/[&SZ9RM7Y)
E#W+D\?6H:A.&40


MP_XPKCKCX[76G;?KS]MVZ+#49DLZ0(%D!8W+

C462N]X4.H1

[8J?)`^);BOKA!2!UFQ4AYFZ'

M/=F@YBSY&LSIJ_A%Y?%ABA6
`'/U.!P7L@.0QG#X;G\XU*B\@NP/ZO!MB`!8
M
4D)1C%-Z(3`
8UL?^44)C2/Q9


]]L




0?FNENHSA
M-U7.^

ML/8!JP0'AO=+^O147JK^;S^:A?S%5F9XX#D22@\.!J!TDPS.-\8S87Y82M






XF&_+PWZ:3/%O&?T7F7UA

5/$K\(
MLP#]1W-GIB-W'9Q2PVDFU(W(*R9LI%EFMS1Q1)4M[E'EZY#1::#MIO*G)8\
MDY;*4W.!(4!%65C
*S21E0_1NM:/].(KO+57;SV0[:3+B.1AOX5U


^2-'&P&X^L.*__0R3JJGCZ+%-6&+A0XQ_5[=NUY4#5$M:%!-8RPB

MRS^O[MDR]B=I2@KG=DW]QTU0S]@.##MT[=;[&$$GW6$S@(OYG/#-(MEJXL[/
MBLM
45`\Y\*`

P/


+
I
%+DNW*!Z:R:





M+T:]^C0&%)@/(%?L1^59:KLM#C3$MB1#H
;^-L#H%H7BJM3DE2J47VLR(IW7




/Z*+H[9'I-X$LN'[(DP:O5D])_%PF
MJ.D@4Q*Y/F/LCAE`%SA`DXJXB;;-%:$7$+%K7RF/8$`GM+8JQG0``JLZ*RHZ

M?HS

M@G
-6)`.7/OU;O#!58
(S[K-*4\^Q:U=!W#Z#[0ACD*S.//#L1R$UMY`;I7V


M6Q]^N:?AP75*@AM'!P+FCV.0!UWT:7AP?5\;E4&^^86?6&ZGENC^YCDF$_P#

8\I+$S]QK#S;;CUEVOELN_QX^72C5_O\



=#!X2A9HB[`-1/8QJ-`Y$-*X#


MCBN\8\[B



MI)4=]+MN`G&ZAW3;*E:.NCH'!^G@/&5O!HJ`/'!'!.F%(#*GO/KFK6;.5Z




61GST6!N8=X
I_3D(UIDC:?

E*[]C0C-




MXBB(HXSI

O:Z_&[R?T\)P_Q=9RFA$_S
MV_E9DBMIUH7KLP)8FF

M'!@!;`\&&*KPHLQ+GZ[K?^DTP(1]X







M^CF.LF6X/O5#?I=O.M]:Y



@\QR'SXR'.I\5?X`C



MTD%QX.OP
'0`]^1WJO63W)RF==+R+%\8-1)_B/$KM(-:HQ7AR$ELSW&.2-

MH448:9J=1J'T7?,KWN3^77'_

MZDJ^.BK7V0\#7)\':@;'4OY8)NE8)@E+[ET'O6N!LUS)O!KJ_TW#D'^./V]T

M-)


I@BV2^G$I\^..NG[X5
M'%#5.D%V/'5'T]]YT.H+XS%A?$7\O13`:ZYJ
@Q'):




&SUM5.01D^Q5)'OI-'3

M^;T;(Y5*A


3/
LS?QH1J.%V7
$
M

MGSD_.`8%IC_M!Z;K'?V[5W:%+#Q=

MF!T\9':PXWCT










M6T@KC




_'<*WOW-MUO2S@=S<==M=J]M6!I'M
M[:8%GW*=R`


M;-!:+-#-:OMH@Y(AV@JUEPN(VX0&JE.?0S'@.K?LT!X3`L=QQ[@WQ-W8
)@!








;:KM&XSFOKH.V6Q)CC`F7J

MF


MP7II6S/D4!RX#GZHS?+@ZL!AFFB]:I%9K+S%;/&;KJ
CKCSHGM)'ONR7RPFY
M)&_UJZY#':X
[*U=O)=+6DOR/:B1-;[K.G+ARLP$RG^SAH9L^_'V[^\;*F.0
M=5[/G.GC!F0



M:([1@Q]WRQ!V1U#U`;OZWG)(Z;AA-ATDCHZ6L*O/TB!!E0S9K0C%]WVR(X]U


MQXJ80MB6HV!V$LWX-


'*5/-SQ]B=(G$M`Y);/SF&\8%8C(29A(K*P?7#DPM@IF/H/




'8

M0^

&5K!3Z`_^%9K7%4W!
M_*$X
7=_



M6



]X+S^7*N95\67JU3@
L70'3\EW'6];'6];'6];'6]8'N&7=6U<TB3-F)N])T$<

1TSM-6.N.@TL

M\VQY3U^S96$

Q'3.TU4ZHZ'2


)O$SY?G`IR0B<YJ!JKM_]W%_<UKVY[$.O6V/
MWM=5GW]5MY]*[Q)FH&2


ZE0X`-*;'0@L5!/35921)/+#JF[.






M7[3`7$
'*Z17_87_BS]0Q'[S_P%02P
$%`````@`*#2A1LZIL(4*$P``Q\\`
M`!$`'`!M;6UB+3(P
34P
3
G7%FDK)E:]85VW+9FMUL7E(0
M4F\H0@M`-K6_OKK)DB*)$B0E.TA<](\3
ED=Z






MG'-P5(/O/]8%&L'4?R`[E:T@



UPUJP4HD0/8BTW

!?W@M`^ZFNF@Z&Q`Q'WKLJ6F6[\R&^7'
M^A,=DK1FENE\%N('#E-KQW@DYX3X8*6[U+R*1O4AC:;Y0




LP=9]!7Y0IC.)BXESB3*#
4OC$J'1
]

\%U[ME)V)919\?V\XM?T

!2.E;L]Z/\GJ/Z%@A(2M-

9IW0]



GXVDQ-+&LF



MZ
CSZ'QQ5S'3

M(





M]`QV9Y377S8;4
4M7AA2U?&4KUGMW5:^&C?PF3'\8BIFHVHYJ0JC]JS\

MN=1$E]
IQ?B5)L#W1-)[:C-8]3PW?0*IOMV;$#5W!2VGUJ@K)'RDT9`5*\N+

M^\\++P9!TH8[`

@G!;HZ+=40!$PJH=\+4.8N9C`M*5B)XYJ(;M






G^6YQ^QO








M%2;^?


?_#F!!L7KJ6O'Y)5(G8U`



=E#K`!J/U.2


M$E8XB5
ML







M.0_UCE4H)IF
X-V2[!*3`\CFK6N6J02P6]*
4=/`XWA..2532;FIYY4#MR[5
-?
M\R
$*WS']6Y1Y\B7;77JNKW/K7AW`UJ71[U_.BV&$:)U_O19X0G.QG1FD




=K0SL


M`!@```````$```D@:G*``!M;6UB+3(P,34P,3,Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`4``VM6

M%0`8```````!````I('?W```;6UM8BTR
#$U
#$S

M5D-5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`*#2A1@'8V4WT8@``UKH%
M`!4`&````````0```*2!LP`!`&UM;6(M
C`Q-3`Q
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#

34P
3
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`4`

MSP``$0`8```````!````I($UH0$`;6UM8BTR
#$U
#$S


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

  2015
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
$ 23
590
184


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
26
047
376
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


Litigations
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become
involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company
is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a
material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
 the Company was assigned
a Development and License agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop
for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial
manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &#147;Licensor Product&#148; and collectively the &#147;Licensor Products&#148;).
Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product
by Licensee
 Licensor&#146;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such
Licensor Products (the &#147;Recipes&#148;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each
December 31 is referred to herein as an &#147;Agreement Year.&#148;


1
 2009 (the &#147;Effective Date&#148;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended
as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between
the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement
Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &#147;Minimum
Royalty&#148;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement
and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)
years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee
that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
 or until terminated by Licensee


in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60)
days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights
are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement



    
    

 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.



Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:


Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &#147;Royalty Rate&#148;)
 multiplied by Company&#146;s &#147;Net
Sales&#148;. As used herein
 &#147;Net Sales&#148; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly to unrelated
third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or
granted from the billed amount (collectively &#147;Discounts&#148;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually granted upon
claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &#147;Credits&#148;); (c) freight
 postage
shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when
included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance
with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.


sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each
Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in
excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    



861
 $203
031
and $35
551 of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
2014. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Agreements with Placement Agents
and Finders


 2011


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#147;Spartan&#148;) effective December 1
 2011
(the &#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act as the Company&#146;s
exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the
&#147;Financing&#148;) of up to $6 million of the Company&#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments
(the &#147;Securities&#148;).


shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.
The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the
&#147;Warrants&#148;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares
of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible
or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing
on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors
in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange
price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided
herein with respect to each such closing.


 the Company
shall pay up to $40
000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing
 together with cost of background checks
on the officers and directors of the Company.


paid to Spartan fees of $505
400 and issued Spartan 505
400 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.00.


 2013


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#147;Spartan&#148;) effective May 2
 2013 (the
&#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act as the Company&#146;s
exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the
&#147;Financing&#148;) of up to $5 million of the Company&#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments
(the &#147;Securities&#148;).


shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and up to 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant
and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &#147;Warrants&#148;)
to purchase a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities)
sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which
they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in
the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing
is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such
closing.


monthly fee of $10
000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&#146;s satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising
of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0mil-$5.0mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement. On October 29
 2013 the Company entered
into an amendment to the Agreement and the $10
000 monthly fee was cancelled.


 2013
the Company paid to Spartan fees of $650
000 and issued Spartan 333
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.


 2013


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#147;Spartan&#148;) effective October 22
 2013
(the &#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act
 for a minimum of
twenty-four months from the date of the agreement
 as the Company&#146;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist
the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &#147;Financing&#148;) of up to $2.5 million of the Company&#146;s
equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &#147;Securities&#148;).


shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver
to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &#147;Warrants&#148;) to purchase
a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such
closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate
at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of
exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated
by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


monthly fee of $10
000 for the term of the agreement. Such monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.


 2013
the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $104
000 and issued Spartan 53
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50
and a grant date fair value of $731
894.


 2014
the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $58
500 and issued Spartan 30
000 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50
and a grant date fair value of $43
166.


 2015
the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $166
400 and issued Spartan 91
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50
and a grant date fair value of $171
981.




 the Company began a
lease agreement for office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease is for a 39 month term expiring on March 31
 2019 with annual
payments of $18
848.


under operating lease as of January 31
 2015 are as follows.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
78
533
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 775
252
$ 12
339
256
$ 8
741
621


        
535
870
8
803
540
6
190
595


        
239
382
3
535
716
2
551
026


        
        
        
        


        
8
477
100
864
19
408


        
472
023
7
185
042
5
470
586


        
480
500
7
285
906
5
489
994


        
(241
118)
(3
750
190)
(2
938
968)


        
        
        
        


        
(2
526)
(310
286)
(8
640)


        
(2
526)
(310
286)
(8
640)


        
$ (243
644)
$ (4
060
476)
$ (2
947
608)


        
        
        
        


        
24
187
375
25
487
778
22
012
920




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 includes dividends associated with redeemable preferred stock of a subsidiary that is treated as a liability in the parent's consolidated balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 2010
 the Company entered
into a five year agreement with Joseph Epstein Foods (the &#147;Manufacturer&#148;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer
is owned by the CEO and President of the Company. The Company analyzed the relationship with the Manufacturer to determine if the
Manufacturer is a variable interest entity as defined by FASB ASC 810 &#147;Consolidation&#148;. Based on this analysis
 the
Company has determined that the Manufacturer is a variable interest but the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the variable
interest entity and therefore consolidation is not required. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the Manufacturer
a revocable license to use the Company&#146;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of
Company&#146;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&#146;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions
and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.
Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&#146;s products and the
Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains
a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period
either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.


the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense
for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in
ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping
materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the
product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred
in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


 the Company made several
unsecured loans to the Manufacturer during the year ended 2013
 the one month period ended January 31 2014
 and the year ended
January 31
 2015. The loan to the Manufacturer is unsecured
 does not bear interest and is due on demand.


 2015
and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company made improvements to the Manufacturer&#146;s facility. The improvements
have been capitalized and are being depreciated over the estimated useful life of the supply agreement.


 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company purchased substantially all of its inventory from the
Manufacturer.&#160;


 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Manufacturer incurred expenses on behalf of the Company for
shared administrative expenses and salary expenses.


 2015 and 2014 the amount due from the Manufacturer
is $2
213
037 and $1
373
036
 respectively.

Meatball Obsession
 LLC


the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC.


 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the Company generated approximately $113
600
 $85
500 and $0 in
revenues from MO
 respectively.


 2015 and 2014
 the Company had a receivable
of $6
768 and $1
457 due from MO
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

        

      






Investments in and Advances to Affiliates
 Schedule of Investments [Abstract]
        


Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC
        
Note 4 - Investment in Meatball
Obsession
 LLC


interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&#147;MO&#148;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using
the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&#146;s equity in the
undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.


 2011 the investment
was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.


in MO has decreased due to dilution.


 2015 and 2014
 the Company&#146;s
ownership interest in MO was 12.6% and 15.8%
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




    
    
    
    

150

    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Note 12 &#150; Income Tax Provision
(Benefit)


of the following:



    
    
January 31
 2015
    
    
January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

376

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

745

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $8.8M and $4.8M at January 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 available to offset taxable
income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there
be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis
of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers.
The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $8.8M and $4.8M at January 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
available to offset future taxable income through 2034.


tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the
periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After
consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended January 31
2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the change in the valuation allowance was $1
745
469 and $103
644.


of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#146;s financial statements.
ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the
Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &#147;unrecognized benefits.&#148;
A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized
tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&#146;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position
that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.


 interest costs related
to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &#147;Other expenses &#150; Interest&#148;
in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &#147;General and administrative.&#148;


were recorded during the year ended January 31
 2015 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 respectively. As of January 31
2015 and 2014
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant
changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.


(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    
Year Ended January 31
 2015
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

855

    
    
    

044

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

855

    
    
    

044

    

    
    
    

754

    
    
    

009

    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
Year Ended January 31
 2015 
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 the Company entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the &#147;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&#148;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&#147;Manatuck&#148;)
whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &#147;Manatuck Debenture&#148;) in favor of Manatuck. The
Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck
Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&#146;s restricted common stock. Subsequent to January 31
2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016.


stock is available upon completion of a qualified offering (as defined in the Manatuck Purchase Agreement) while the Manatuck Debenture
is outstanding. Upon conversion of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company shall issue Manatuck shares of common stock as defined in
the Manatuck Purchase Agreement.


 a debt
discount of $458
750 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares granted to Manatuck.
The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line
method which approximates the interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of interest expense
in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $412
553 as of January 31
 2015.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 the Company
entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &#147;Sale and Security Agreement&#148;) with Faunus Group International
 Inc.
(&#147;FGI&#148;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables and inventory (the &#147;FGI
Facility&#148;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three year term (the &#147;Original Term&#148;) and shall be
extended automatically for an additional one year for each succeeding term unless written notice of termination is given by either
party at least sixty days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof. The Company and certain of its affiliates
also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the Sale and Security Agreement (the &#147;Guaranty
Agreements&#148;). The Company also granted FGI a security interest in and lien upon all of the Company&#146;s right
 title and
interest in and to all of its assets (as defined in the Sale and Security Agreement).


 FGI can
elect to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&#147;Purchased Accounts&#148;) up to 70% of the value of such receivables (retaining
a 30% reserve). At FGI&#146;s election
 FGI may advance the Company up to 70% of the value of any Purchased Accounts
 subject
to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be refunded to the Company net of interest
and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate on advances or borrowings under the FGI
Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the prime rate. Any advances or borrowings under the FGI
Facility are due on demand.


monthly collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts. The minimum monthly net funds
employed during each contract year hereof shall be $500
000. Additionally
 the Company paid FGI a one-time facility fee equal to
1% of the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.


 2015
 the Company terminated its agreement with FGI and paid off all obligations
due at the payoff date. Upon termination
 additional fees and accrued interest of approximately $48
600 were paid and included
in the interest expense.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 the Company entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement (&#147;Loan and Security Agreement&#148;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&#147;EGC&#148;).
$3
100
000. The facility consists
of the following:



    
    
    
    

150

    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    



in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net amount of Eligible Accounts (as
defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Inventory
Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) in an amount up to 50% of finished
goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material.


to the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances
made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of
the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility
is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one year period. The Company is required to pay a one-time
facility fee equal to 2.25% of the total $3
100
000 facility. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated
rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns are secured by all of the assets of the Company.


 2014
 the Company also
entered into a 5 year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&#147;EGC Note&#148;) with EGC. The EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly
installments of $10
000. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event
of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured
by all of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the note was $560
000 as of January 31
 2015.


 in connection with the
Loan and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer entered into a Guarantee Agreement with EGC
personally guaranteeing all the amounts borrowed on behalf of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





 2015
the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 18%
 13% and 11% of gross sales. As of January 31
2015
 the customers represented approximately 23%
 12%
 and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.


 2013
the Company earned revenues from four customers representing approximately 18%
 17%
 14%
 and 14% of gross sales. As of December
31
 2013
 the customers represented approximately 16%
 23%
 14% and 4% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.


2014
 three customers represented 18%
 15% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2014
 the customers represented approximately
8%
 24%
 and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.




 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 one vendor (a related party) represented 95% of the Company&#146;s
purchases.




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



















Common stock options
 exercise price
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock warrants
 exercise price range
        
        
        
        


Common stock options
 exercise price
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock warrants
 exercise price range
        
        
        
        


Common stock options
 exercise price
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 18
848


        
18
848


        
18
848


        
18
848


        
3
141


        
$ 78
533




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
January 31
 2015 
    
    
January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    




        
        

reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




        
        

 sales
discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

 2015 
    
    
    

 2013 
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    

725

    
    
    

282

    
    
    


    


 Discounts

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

339

    
    
    

741

    
    
    


    




        
        

 2015
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

common stock equivalents at January 31
 2015:



    
    
    


    



    
    

027

    



    
    


    

    
    
    

683

    



common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

854

    



at January 31
 2014:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

189

    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

of the following:



    
    
January 31
 2015
    
    
January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

376

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

745

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    
Year Ended January 31
 2015
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

855

    
    
    

044

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

855

    
    
    

044

    

    
    
    

754

    
    
    

009

    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
Year Ended January 31
 2015 
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      


































        
$ 35
551
$ 284
861
$ 203
031
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
6
000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
40
000
        
        
        
        


Advisory Agreement One [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
505
400
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
505
400
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
The Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
monthly fee of $10
000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&#146;s satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising
of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0 mil- $5.0 mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement.
        
        


Advisory Agreement Two [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
10
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
650
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
333
333
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
10
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
500
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Advisory Agreement Three [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
10
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
104
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
53
333
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
731
894
        
        
        
        
        


Advisory Agreement Four [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
58
500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
30
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
43
166
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Advisory Agreement Five [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
166
400
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
91
333
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
171
981
        
        
        
        
        
        


Minimum [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
4
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Maximum [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member] | Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
5
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
2
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
2
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
20
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 20
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 credit cards
 merchant discounts
 and fiduciary and trust activities
 guarantee fees
 investment advisory
 management
 and administrative fees
 transfer agent fees
 and insurance commissions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 2
150
000


        
350
000


        
$ 600
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
$ 5
804
680
        
$ (3
352
033)
$ 2
452
848


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
20
054
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
4
999
967
        
        
5
000
000


Common stock issued for cash
 shares
3
333
375
        
        
        
        


        
        
162
933
        
        
162
933


        
        
731
894
        
        
731
894


        
        
799
995
        
        
800
000


        
        
(295
008)
        
        
(295
000)


Recapitalization
 shares
800
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
(1
604
000)
        
        
(1
604
000)


        
        
        
        
(2
947
608)
(2
947
608)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        
10
600
461
        
(6
299
641)
4
301
067


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
24
187
375
        
        
        
        


        
        
2
015
        
        
2
015


        
        
43
666
        
        
43
666


        
        
449
997
        
        
450
000


        
        
(102
166)
        
        
(102
166)


        
        
        
        
(243
644)
(243
644)


Balance at Jan. 31
 2014
        
10
993
973
        
(6
543
285)
4
450
938


Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2014
24
187
375
        
        
        
        


        
        
94
775
        
        
94
775


        
        
206
981
        
        
206
981


        
        
136
587
        
        
136
587


Common stock issued for services
 Shares
40
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
1
179
995
        
        
1
180
003


Common stock issued
 shares
1
620
001
        
        
        
        


        
        
99
999
        
        
100
000


        
        
(346
192)
        
        
(346
192)


        
        
399
998
        
        
400
000


Stock issued for debt financing
 shares
200
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
(4
060
476)
(4
060
476)


Balance at Jan. 31
 2015
        
$ 12
766
116
        
$ (10
603
761)
$ 2
162
616


Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2015
26
047
376
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        



2015 and 2014 are as follows:



    
    
&#160;January 31
 2015 
    
    
January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    

060

    
    
    

027

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

351

    
    
    

034

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

124

    
    
    


    



 2015 and 2014
 fixed
assets in the amount of $0 and $826
340
 respectively
 were not in service.


for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 amounted to $170
113
 $33
891
and $4
141
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
20
054
000


        
103
408
000


        
$ 295
000


        
800
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
$ 1
373
036
$ 2
213
037
        


Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member]
        
        
        


        
        
113
600
85
500


        
$ 1
457
$ 6
768
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 MamaMancini&#146;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) changed its fiscal year end date to January 31. The Company&#146;s 2014 fiscal year
commenced on February 1
 2014 and concludes on January 31
 2015. The Company changed its year end to be consistent with a significant
number of its retail customers that have a fiscal year end on or near January 31. This allows the Company to more accurately account
for accrued discounts and promotions to these retailers. The Company determined that recasting the prior year comparable period
ended January 31
 2014 would not be material.


        
        



statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions
impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value of share-based payments.


to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating
its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could
differ significantly from our estimates.


        
        



that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant
risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in
the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability
include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local
markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining
to food and beverages in connection with the Company&#146;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it
difficult to project the Company&#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.


        
        



instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January
31
 2015 or 2014.


associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times
may exceed federally insured limits.


        
        
Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 


amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the
receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.


        
        



using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
January 31
 2015 
    
    
January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    




        
        



expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




        
        



 the
fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between
willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#146;s short term financial instruments
approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.


        
        



as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity and netted against proceeds.
In the event the costs are in excess of the proceeds
 the costs are recorded to expense. In the case of an aborted offering
 all
costs are expensed. Offering costs recorded to equity for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month
ended January 31
 2014 were $346
192
 $1
604
000 and $102
166
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2015
 the Company
expensed $330
538 of deferred issuance costs related to the aborted offering of the Company&#146;s common stock
 which are included
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.


        
        



as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended
January 31
 2014 were $100
864
 $19
408 and $8
477
 respectively.


        
        



to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.


        
        



when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the
sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.


shipment.

 sales
discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

 2015 
    
    
    

 2013 
    
    
One Month Ended January 31
 2014 
    

    
    
    

725

    
    
    

282

    
    
    


    


 Discounts

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

339

    
    
    

741

    
    
    


    




        
        



related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#146;s products. Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
and print production costs.


        
        



advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 were $3
104
088
 $2
440
424 and $232
481
respectively.


        
        



compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&#148; (&#147;ASC 718&#148;) which
establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method
of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option
plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50
&#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services&#148;.


share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2015
and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014 share-based compensation amounted to $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681
respectively. Of the $438
343
 $894
827 and $45
681 recorded for the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the
one month ended January 31
 2014
 $171
981
 $731
894 and $43
666 were direct costs of a stock offering and have been recorded as
a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2015
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
January 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



using the &#147;simplified&#148; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#147;SAB&#148;) 110.
The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does
not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.


        
        



by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from
the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.


common stock equivalents at January 31
 2015:



    
    
    


    



    
    

027

    



    
    


    

    
    
    

683

    



common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

854

    



at January 31
 2014:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

189

    



during the years ended January 31
 2015 and December 31
 2013 and the one month ended January 31
 2014
 the effect of considering
any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not
presented.


        
        



with ASC No. 740
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes&#148;. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences
between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change
during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.


tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2012.


        
        



to current period presentation.


        
        



Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
 
 in May 2014. The amendments in
this Update supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605
 
 including most industry-specific
revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. In addition
 the amendments supersede the cost
guidance in Subtopic 605-35
 
 and create new Subtopic
340-40
. In summary
 the core principle of Topic 606 is that
an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This Accounting Standards Update is the final
(Topic 605) and Proposed Accounting Standards
 (Topic 605): Codification Amendments
 both of which have been deleted. Accounting
Standards Update 2014-09. The amendments in this Update are effectively for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the effects
of ASU 2014-09 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-12
 Compensation- Stock Compensation. The amendments in this update apply
to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance
target can be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting
Standards Update EITF-13D&#151;Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the
Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period
 which has been deleted.
The proposed amendments would apply to reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of
the award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. This Accounting Standards Update
is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update EITF-13D&#151;Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite
Service Period
 which has been deleted. The amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within
those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the
effects of ASU 2014-12 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2014&#150;15


about a company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. This Accounting Standards
Update is the final version of Proposed Accounting Standards Update 2013&#150;300&#151;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic
205): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Going Concern Presumption
 which has been deleted. The Company is currently
evaluating the effects of ASU 2014&#150;15 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-16 (ASU 2014-16)

the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity
GAAP for determining when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid financial instrument is required. The
amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features
 including the embedded derivative feature being
evaluated for bifurcation
 in evaluating the nature of the host contract. The ASU applies to all entities that are issuers of
or investors in
 hybrid financial instruments that are issued in the form of a share and is effective for public business entities
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2014&#150;16 on the consolidated financial statements.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board issued Accounting issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-03
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related
to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments
in this ASU. The amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted for financial statements that have
not been previously issued. The amendments should be applied on a retrospective basis
 wherein the balance sheet of each individual
period presented should be adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. Upon transition
 an entity
is required to comply with the applicable disclosures for a change in an accounting principle. These disclosures include the nature
of and reason for the change in accounting principle
 the transition method
 a description of the prior-period information that
has been retrospectively adjusted
 and the effect of the change on the financial statement line items (i.e.
 debt issuance cost
asset and the debt liability). The Company is currently evaluating the effects of ASU 2015-03 on the consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













