

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-14-000789
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140320
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		14705888
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2013



[&nbsp;&nbsp;] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.


    in its charter)




    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    Identification Number)


25 Branca
Road
East Rutherford
NJ 07073

of Principal Executive Offices)


or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212

telephone number
 including area code)


registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



 $0.00001 par value


the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best
of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]


the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30
 2013
 based on a closing price of
$1.50 was approximately $12
524
616. As of March 20
 2014
 the registrant had 25
257
374 shares of its common stock
 0.00001 par
value per share
 outstanding.


None.




    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
INDEX
TO REPORT ON FORM 10-K



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s
    Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
    
    

    
Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures About Market Risk.
    
    

    
Financial Statements and
    Supplementary Data.
    
    

    
Changes In And Disagreements
    With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers
    and Corporate Governance.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain
    Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and
    Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    
    

    
Principal Accounting Fees
    and Services.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statements
    Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS


&ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Forward-looking
statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after
the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

ITEM 1.
BUSINESS.




Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Our activities since inception
consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
 primarily related to student housing
 and services which include
general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination for residents. We have not had any significant development
of our business nor have we received any revenue. Due to the lack of results in our attempt to implement our original business
plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders to look for other potential business opportunities
that might be available to the Company.


 2013
 The Company
Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 with MamaMancini&rsquo;s
surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;)
took place on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all
of the outstanding capital stock of MamaMancini&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Shareholders&rdquo;)
 pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. In addition
 the Company spunout
to the Majority Shareholder all assets related to the Company&rsquo;s real estate management business. As a result of the Merger
the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of the Company.


of the Agreement the Company changed its business plan to that of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 the Company received
notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 the Company began trading under its new name
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc. and its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


to founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother (&ldquo;Ms. Mancini&rdquo;)
 emigrated from Italy. Our business is founded upon her
traditional recipes. The recipes have been developed and integrated into packaged foods for sale in retailers around the country.
On February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey
in order to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units
(the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain
options to purchase an additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of the
Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s.


    
    



an upscale line of specialty pre-prepared and frozen and refrigerated foods. Our products are &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 contain
a minimum number of ingredients and are derived from the original recipes of Ms. Mancini from Bay Ridge Brooklyn (originally from
Bari
 Italy). The United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; as a product
that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s
products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;.The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;)
Food Standards and Labeling Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath
or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo; Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product
is a natural food because it contains no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
may be used on a meat label or poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
chemical preservative
 or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be
used if the FSIS approves your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the
FSIS to contain the &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; label.


principally sold to supermarket and mass market retailers. Our products are sold generally in frozen food sections
 meat department
sections
 prepared foods (meals) sections
 sandwich sections
 hot bars and cold bars as well as cold deli and foods to go sections
(&ldquo;grab and go&rdquo;). &ldquo;Food to Go&rdquo; or &ldquo;grab and go&rdquo; sections of supermarkets contain food already
cooked and ready to heat for eating (in some instances no heating is required). Some of our main super market customers are Costco
Costco Canada
 Walmart
 Kroger
 Rouses
 Lunds &amp; Byerly&rsquo;s
 SHOPPERS
 Market Basket
 Central Markets (Division of HEB)
Winn Dixie
 BI-LO
 Marsh&rsquo;s
 Bashas&rsquo;
 Albertsons
 Publix
 Shop Rite
 Price Chopper
 Redner&rsquo;s
 A&amp;P
 Waldbaums
Food Emporium
 Whole Foods
 Shaws Supermarkets
 Kings
 Key Foods
 Giant Eagle
 Stop n Shop
 Giant Stores
 Food Town
 Garden of
Eden
 Harris Teeter and The Fresh Market. As of December 31
 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are located in 7
040 retail locations
with an average of 3.22 different items per retail location totaling 22
600 product placements on shelves in such 7
040 retail
locations.


2010 and through December 31
 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has raised approximately $11
600
000 in capital. During this same period
we have recorded net accumulated losses totaling $6
299
641. As of December 31
 2013
 we had working capital of $3
371
571. MamaMancini&rsquo;s
had net revenues of $8
741
621 and $4
582
845 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 respectively. MamaMancini&rsquo;s net losses for
the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 have been $2
947
608 and $1
999
623
 respectively.




of some of the products Mamamancini&rsquo;s currently offers.






    
    















    
    







and turkey meatballs to Whole Foods and special club pack products to Costco.




a continuing research and development program to improve existing products and to develop new products. We also may contract with
third parties in order to develop further products. We have the following products which we expect to generate sales in the first
&rdquo; (rigatoni pasta
 crushed
meatballs and sauce
 and cheeses)
asta with broccoli and mini-fork meatballs
(iii) Gluten free beef meatballs and slow cooked Italian sauce
 (iv) Gluten free turkey meatballs and slow cooked Italian sauce
(v) Five cheese stuffed meatballs; (vi) Antibiotic free meatballs and sauce now available for national distribution
 and (vii)
Antibiotic free turkey meatballs and sauce now available for national distribution. In addition
 the Company expects to introduce
Bolognese sauce in the late Spring or early Summer of 2014. The products under development are both based upon Ms. Mancini&rsquo;s
traditional recipes and new recipes derived from the original recipes. All products currently under development are included with
a Development and License Agreement entered into on January 1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his recipes for
the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s.


develop new products
 some of which may include: Pasta and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Beef Meatballs
 Pasta and slow cooked
Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Turkey Meatballs
 Pasta and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce n&rsquo; Sausage
 Chicken Marsala
 Chicken Parmigiana
Italian Meatball Soup and Traditional Italian Meatballs (Beef
 Pork and Veal) and Slow Cooked Italian Sauce. We cannot predict
if or when any of the foregoing products under development will ever come to fruition.


    
    




 Our products
are all natural. We believe our ingredients to be of high quality. The Company&rsquo;s products are made from high quality components
which are more costly than components we can substitute in our products. We use only domestic inspected beef
 turkey
 pork and
chicken
 whole Italian tomatoes
 only genuine Imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs and other ingredients which are &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
(see definition above). We consider our products to be a healthy alternative to many fully processed foods in the marketplace
which may contain artificial ingredients such as meat extenders and imported beef.

Authentic Taste and Strong
 We employ recipes and sauces developed from traditional Italian fare to enhance the authenticity of our
products. This allows us to achieve the best aroma
 appearance and flavor profile for our customers.

Ease
of use through a microwave oven is a significant factor for consumers and institutional food service operators. Our products require
simple preparation and heating steps. Virtually every product is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 providing quick and easy meal
solutions for our customers.




being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic premium prepared food
category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than those in the commodity
prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long term flexibility through the growth curve of our products.
As changes occur in customer demand
 the market supply pricing policies will require revision.




are grown or purchased directly by us. We employ one company
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc. (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;) to manufacture
and produce all of our current products. We are negotiating with another manufacturer to supplement the services provided by JEFE.
All of the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable by our suppliers.
We have not experienced any material shortages of food or other products necessary to our operations and do not anticipate such
shortages in the foreseeable future.




for approximately 92% of our sales in 2010
 approximately 90% in 2011
 approximately 91% in 2012 and approximately 86% in 2013.
More specifically
 for the year ended December 31
 2011
 four of our customers represented approximately 67% of our sales. For
the year ended December 31
 2012
 four of our customers represented approximately 75% of our sales. For the year ended December
31
 2013
 four of our customers represented approximately 63% of our sales. We depend heavily on these customers and more information
regarding the possible effects of any loss of these customers is discussed in the section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;.


    
    





as specialty prepared foods
 in that it is all natural and is sold on the attributes of its greater taste and higher quality.
The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 from the frozen section to the Deli-prepared
foods section
 the specialty meat segment of the meat department as well as to the food service customers who desire such products.
The overall size of the specialty food business has been calculated by the NASFT in association with Mintel Research at over $75
Billion in 2011 and grew 19% since 2009. The IDDBA
 in their latest State of the Industry Report
 estimated the perishable food
industry in grocery stores in 2012 at $92 Billion and growing at a rate of 2% per annum with the Deli-prepared foods sub section
growing at over 8% per annum. The frozen food business in grocery stores was calculated by Packaged Facts to be at $54 Billion
in 2011 and growing at a rate of 1% per annum.

Sales
 Marketing
 and Distribution


 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
products are located in 7
040 retail locations with an average of 3.22 different items per retail location totaling 22
600 product
placements on shelves in such 7
040 retail locations. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are sold in the frozen meat case
 the frozen
Italian specialty section
 the fresh meat case
 the deli (in bulk and grab n go pre-packaged formats) as well as hot bars and
sandwich shops in food retailers.


through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their own warehouses or to large
distributors. Currently
 all of our full-time employees sell our products directly to supermarkets and mass retailers. MamaMancini&rsquo;s
products are mainly sold in the Middle Atlantic States and Florida
 accounting for over 84% of its sales.


activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings and demonstrations
 in-store
merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special merchandising events with
retailers and consumer advertising.


States has 32
000 large supermarkets and mass market stores and over 200
000 locations including local convenience stores and
small retailers. In addition
 there are over 200
000 food service locations in the United States. MamaMancini&rsquo;s sells its
products in approximately 22% of the large food retailers in the United States. MamaMancini&rsquo;s currently has very little
distribution in the food service and industrial (custom made) products industries.


 we invested
in a company called Meatball Obsession. As of December 31
 2013
 we own 15.8% of Meatball Obsession with one of our executive
officers and one of our directors serving on its board of directors. Meatball Obsession plans to open kiosks at universities
airports
 food courts and other high pedestrian traffic areas around the United States. Meatball Obsession has signed an exclusive
supply agreement with MamaMancini&rsquo;s whereby Meatball Obsession will sell MamaMancini&rsquo;s branded products as its primary
menu selections. The first Meatball Obsession kiosk opened in March
 2012 in New York City.




and frozen food industry has dozens of large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine from all over the world. Our
product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that our competition is much more
limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche market
 there can be no assurances
that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. Some of our competitors include Quaker Maid / Philly-Gourmet
Meat Company
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
 Farm Rich
 Inc.
 and Buona Vita
 Inc.


    
    







consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and one trademark
 the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
mark. The recipes and use of the trademark have been assigned in perpetuity to MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.


copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use technical measures
 confidentiality
agreements and non-compete agreements to protect our proprietary rights.




and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January 1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty
relating to the use of his recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50 year exclusive
license (subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25 year extension option
 to use and commercialize the licensed
items. As part of the Development and License Agreement
 we agreed to pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty fee on net sales.




in third-party facilities are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations and inspection
 and to extensive regulations
and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
 packaging and labeling. In order to distribute and sell our products outside the
State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing facilities must meet the standards promulgated by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our third party manufacturers processing facilities and products are subject to periodic
inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization Act was signed
into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in an effort to enhance the detection
of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities in which our products are manufactured
are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA.


 Drug
and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs
 among other
things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing
practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; as a product that contains
no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products
were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change their existing recipes to include ingredients
that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results of operations could be adversely affected.


regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations related thereto
 although
we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and state laws and regulations.
Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business
for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.




has six full-time employees. MamaMancini&rsquo;s considers its employee relations to be good
 and to date has not experienced
a work stoppage due to a labor dispute. None of MamaManicni&rsquo;s employees are represented by a labor union. The Company uses
independent contractors for marketing
 social media
 accounting
 quality assurance and administrative functions.


    
    





trying to increase sales and improve its brand name over the next two years through the following methods and potential ideas:



    
    

    has added to its sales staff and now has three full time regional and national sales persons as well as Dan Dougherty
 Carl
    Wolf and Matt Brown soliciting business with all major supermarket chains and box stores in the U.S. The Company anticipates
    payment of approximately $400
000 to such sales staff during the fiscal year of 2014.

    
    
    

    
    

    a 12 month national radio advertising program on Sirius/XM Radio and Political Talk Radio. The Company ran up to 1
500 commercials
    per week on those weeks in which we were advertised. The Company plans to continue this campaign in 2014.

    
    
    

    
    

    market research and product development for our new 22 oz. retail sauce and meatball line in 2012. We are conducting additional
    market research for club store products and new product concepts in the Spring of 2014.

    
    
    

    
    

    special merchandising social media program in 2013. Events included the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Meatball Mobile giveaway
 video
    recipe catalog (20 recipes)
 a viral video contest with a major university
 and active social media updates on YouTube
 Pinterest
    Facebook
 and Instagram
 as well as periodic mailings to our customer base. In 2014
 the Company intends to conduct a similar
    campaign including a free trip to Italy with the option of a Ducati meatball motorcycle promotion.

    
    
    

    
    

    a line applicable to club stores and will be presenting this line for Summer and Fall distribution.



execution of its growth plan
 including the aforementioned staffing
 advertising
 marketing and public relations segments mentioned
above will cost the Company an aggregate of $2
600
000 over the course of the 2014 fiscal year. The Company believes it has adequate
financing to fund its growth plan
 however
 if the Company should exceed its expected growth
 it will require additional financing.
There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure financing on favorable terms or at all.




materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) at the SEC&rsquo;s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.


    
    


Item 1A.
Risk Factors.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
(MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S)

We are not profitable and
may never be profitable.


2010 and through December 31
 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has raised approximately $11
600
000 in capital. During this same period
we have recorded net accumulated losses totaling $6
299
641. As of December 31
 2013
 we had working capital of $3
371
571. MamaMancini&rsquo;s
net losses for the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 have been $2
947
608 and $1
999
623
 respectively.
We expect to incur significant increasing operating losses over the next several years. Negative cash flow from operations is
expected in the foreseeable future. MamaMancini&rsquo;s ability to achieve profitability depends upon many factors
 including
its ability to develop and commercialize products. There can be no assurance that MamaMancini&rsquo;s will ever achieve any significant
revenues or profitable operations.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s has
a limited operating history.


existence for approximately three years. Our limited operating history means that there is a high degree of uncertainty in our
ability to: (i) develop and commercialize our products; (ii) achieve market acceptance of our products; (iii) respond to competition;
or (iv) operate the business
 as management has not previously undertaken such actions as a company. Additionally
 even if we
do implement our business plan
 we may not be successful. No assurances can be given as to exactly when
 if at all
 we will be
able to recognize profits high enough to sustain our business. We face all the risks inherent in a new business
 including the
expenses
 difficulties
 complications
 and delays frequently encountered in connection with conducting operations
 including capital
requirements. Given our limited operating history
 we may be unable to effectively implement our business plan which would result
in a loss of your investment.

We will need additional
capital


December 31
 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has incurred net accumulated losses of $6
299
641. As of December 31
 2013 we had working
capital of $3
371
571 and stockholders&rsquo; equity of $4
301
067. The Company believes that it has adequate financing through
December 31
 2014 to execute its current growth plan. However
 in the case that the Company exceeds its expected growth
 we would
need to raise additional capital. Currently
 we plan to raise additional capital
 but we have no committed sources of additional
capital and our access to capital funding is always uncertain. There is no assurance that additional equity or debt financing
will be available to us when needed
 on acceptable terms or even at all. In the event that we are not able to secure financing
we may have to scale back our development plans or cease operations.

Raising needed capital in
the future may be difficult as a result of our limited operating history.


investors typically look at a company&rsquo;s historical performance in evaluating the risks and operations of the business and
the business&rsquo;s future prospects. Our limited operating history makes such evaluation and an estimation of our future performance
substantially more difficult. As a result
 investors may be unwilling to invest in us or such investment may be on terms or conditions
which are not acceptable. If we are unable to secure such additional finance
 we may need to cease operations.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s has
a history of recurring losses from operations.


of recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit of $6
299
641 as of December 31
 2013. Management is unable
to predict if and when we will be able to generate positive cash flow. Our plan regarding these matters is to raise additional
debt and/or equity financing to allow us the ability to cover our current cash flow requirements and meet our obligations as they
become due. There can be no assurances that financing will be available or if available
 that such financing will be available
under favorable terms. In the event that we are unable to generate adequate revenues to cover expenses and cannot obtain additional
financing in the near future
 we may seek protection under bankruptcy laws.


    
    


The majority of our business
depends on a limited number of principal customers.


number of principal customers for a majority of our sales
 a loss of one principal customer could materially adversely affect
our business and financial condition. Our ten largest accounts represented approximately 90% of our sales for the year ended December
31
 2011 approximately 91% of our sales in 2012 and approximately 86% for the year ended December 31
 2013. More specifically
for the year ended December 31
 2011
 four of our customers represented approximately 67% of our sales. For the year ended December
31
 2012
 four of our customers represented approximately 75% of our sales. For the year ended December 31
 2013
 four of our
customers represented approximately 63% of our sales. Our principal customers only continue to purchase our products if they are
able to sell them to end consumers. We have no long term contracts with our principal customers and thus our business would be
negatively affected by the failure of our principal customers to purchase our products on a consistent basis. If these principal
customers cease ordering products from us
 our business could be materially adversely affected.

Competitive product and
pricing pressures in the food industry and the financial condition of customers and suppliers could adversely affect our ability
to gain or maintain market share and/or profitability.


competitive food industry
 competing with other companies that have varying abilities to withstand changing market conditions.
Any significant change in our relationship with a major customer
 including changes in product prices
 sales volume
 or contractual
terms may impact financial results. Such changes may result because our competitors may have substantial financial
 marketing
and other resources that may change the competitive environment. If we are unable to establish economies of scale
 marketing expertise
product innovation
 and category leadership positions to respond to changing market trends
 or if we are unable to increase prices
while maintaining a customer base
 our profitability and volume growth could be impacted in a materially adverse way. The success
of our business depends
 in part
 upon the financial strength and viability of our suppliers and customers. The financial condition
of those suppliers and customers is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. A significant
deterioration of their financial condition would adversely affect our financial results.

All of our manufacturing
is outsourced.


facilities and all our manufacturing is out-sourced to Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc. (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;) food manufacturing
facility in East Rutherford
 New Jersey. JEFE is a related party entity owned in full by certain officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s.
We have a five-year contract with JEFE that began on March 1
 2010. In the event that JEFE ceases operations or stops manufacturing
our products
 our inability to secure an alternative supplier would adversely affect our business and financial condition. Additionally
should we be forced to manufacture our products
 we cannot give you any assurance that we will be able to develop internal manufacturing
capabilities or procure third party suppliers. In the event we seek third party suppliers
 they may require us to purchase a minimum
amount of materials or could require other unfavorable terms. Any such event would materially impact our prospects. Moreover
we cannot give you any assurance that any contract manufacturers or suppliers that we select will be able to supply our products
in a timely or cost effective manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or our specifications.

We currently rely on one
supplier for all of our manufacturing.


to JEFE
 a related party entity owned in full by both our Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Carl Wolf and our President
 Mr. Matthew
Brown. We have a five-year contract with JEFE that began on March 1
 2010 and expires on February 28
 2015. Although management
believes that the contract will be renewed on the same terms of the existing contract
 there can be no assurances that this will
occur. In the event that our contract with JEFE is not renewed the Company would have to seek other suppliers for our products
however
 we may not be able to do so on satisfactory terms or in a timely manner. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could
increase our costs and disrupt our operations.


    
    


Our operations are subject
to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 U.S. Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)
Federal Trade Commission (&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;) and other governmental entities and such regulations are subject to change from time
to time which could impact how we manage our production and sale of products. Federal budget cuts could result in furloughs for
government employees
 including inspectors and reviewers for our supplier&rsquo;s plants and products which could materially impact
our ability to manufacture regulated products.


in third-party facilities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA and other national
 state
 and local authorities.
For example
 we are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive
regulatory program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food.
Under this program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.


processing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities
in the U.S. in an effort to enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products.


regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive
advertising under federal and state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws
or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing
our results of operations to be adversely affected.

There is no guarantee that
our business goals of expansion into mass market retailers and additional supermarkets will be realized.


in roughly 22% of select high volume supermarkets in the United States. If we are unable to expand into mass market retailers
or sell products in a greater number of high volume supermarkets we will fall short of our projections and our business and financial
condition would be adversely affected.

The shelf and freezer placement
of our products in stores may not be optimal for attracting consumer attention.


 we may
not sell in enough bulk in certain stores and as such our products may not be placed in the most ideal locations to catch the
attention of end consumers. If we are unable to gain significant sales growth
 our products may never be displayed in the most
attractive locations in stores and our sales may suffer.

Increases in the cost and
restrictions on the availability of raw materials could adversely affect our financial results.


commodities such as tomatoes
 onions
 and meats and other items such as spices and flour
 as well as packaging materials such
as plastic
 metal
 paper
 fiberboard
 and other materials and inputs such as water
 in order to manufacture products. The availability
or cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy and regulation
 crop failures or shortages due to plant
disease or insect and other pest infestation
 weather conditions
 potential impact of climate change
 increased demand for biofuels
or other unforeseen circumstances. To the extent that any of the foregoing or other unknown factors increase the prices of such
commodities or materials and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in a manner that offsets
such changes
 the results of its operations could be materially and adversely affected. Similarly
 if supplier arrangements and
relationships result in increased and unforeseen expenses
 our financial results could be materially and adversely impacted.


    
    


Disruption of our supply
chain could adversely affect our business.


or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial and/or operational
instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing and transportation providers
 or brokers
 or other reasons could impair
our ability to manufacture or sell our products. To the extent that we are unable to
 or cannot financially mitigate the likelihood
or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced
from a single location
 there could be a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations
 and additional resources
could be required to restore our supply chain.

Higher energy costs and
other factors affecting the cost of producing
 transporting
 and distributing our products could adversely affect our financial
results.


have a significant impact on the cost of operations
 including the manufacture
 transportation
 and distribution of products.
Fuel costs may fluctuate due to a number of factors outside of our control
 including government policy and regulation and weather
conditions. Additionally
 we may be unable to maintain favorable arrangements with respect to the manufacturing costs of our products
as a result of the rise in costs of procuring raw materials and transportation by our manufacturers. This may result in increased
expenses and negatively affect operations.

The impact of various food
safety issues
 environmental
 legal
 tax
 and other regulations and related developments could adversely affect our sales and
profitability.


food safety and other laws and regulations regarding the manufacturing
 marketing
 and distribution of food products
 particularly
the USDA
 and state and local agencies. These regulations govern matters such as ingredients
 advertising
 taxation
 relations
with distributors and retailers
 health and safety matters
 and environmental concerns. The ineffectiveness of our or our manufacturer&rsquo;s
planning and policies with respect to these matters
 and the need to comply with new or revised laws or regulations with regard
to licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 environmental permitting
 or other food or safety matters
 or new interpretations
or enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 as well as any related litigation
 may have a material adverse effect on our
sales and profitability.

Global economic uncertainties
continue to affect consumers&rsquo; purchasing habits and customer financial stability
 which may affect sales volume and profitability
on some of our products and have other impacts that we cannot fully predict.


economic uncertainties
 price-conscious consumers may replace their purchases of our premium and value-added products with lower-cost
alternatives
 which could affect the price and volume of some of these products. The volume or profitability of our products may
be adversely affected if consumers are reluctant to pay a premium for higher quality frozen foods or if they replace purchases
of our products with cheaper alternatives. Additionally
 distributors and retailers may become more conservative in response to
these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. Our results of operations depend upon
 among other things
 our ability
to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing distributors and retailers
 to attract new consumers and to provide products
that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse
effect on our sales and profitability.

The need for and effect
of product recalls could have an adverse impact on our business.


misbranded or adulterated
 we may need to conduct a product recall. The scope of such a recall could result in significant costs
incurred as a result of the recall
 potential destruction of inventory
 and lost sales. Should consumption of any product cause
injury and/or illness
 we may be liable for monetary damages as a result of a judgment against us. A significant product recall
or product liability case could cause a loss of consumer confidence in our food products and could have a material adverse effect
on the value of its brands and results of operations.


    
    


The failure of new product
or packaging introductions to gain trade and consumer acceptance and changes in consumer preferences could adversely affect our
sales.


anticipating and reacting to changes in consumer preferences
 including health and wellness. There are inherent marketplace risks
associated with new product or packaging introductions
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. Moreover
success is dependent upon our ability to identify and respond to consumer trends through innovation. We may be required to increase
expenditures for new product development and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in developing new products or improving
upon products already in existence. Additionally
 our new products may not achieve consumer acceptance. Each of the foregoing
could materially and negatively impact sales.

We rely on key personnel
and
 if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel
 we may not be able to grow effectively.


upon the abilities and continued service of our executive officers and other key employees
 particularly Mr. Carl T. Wolf
 Chairman
Mr. Matt I. Brown
 President
 and Mr. Daniel Dougherty. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain the services
of such officers and employees. Our failure to retain the services of our key personnel could have a materially adverse effect
on our business. In order to support our projected growth
 we will be required to effectively recruit
 hire
 train and retain
additional qualified management personnel. Our inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could have a materially
adverse effect on our business.

We may not be able to effectively
control and manage our growth
 which would negatively impact our operations.


and develop it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion in an orderly fashion. We may face challenges in managing
the expansion of our business and in integrating any acquired businesses with our own. Such eventualities will increase demands
on our existing management
 workforce and facilities. Failure to satisfy increased demands could interrupt or adversely affect
our operations and cause administrative inefficiencies.

We may be unable to successfully
execute our identified business opportunities or other business opportunities that we determine to pursue.


infrastructure. In order to pursue business opportunities
 we will need to continue to build our infrastructure and operational
capabilities. Our ability to do any of these successfully could be affected by any one or more of the following factors:



    
    

    substantial amounts of additional capital if needed to fund the implementation of our business plan;

    
    
    

    
    

    our business strategy;

    
    
    

    
    

    to achieve market acceptance;

    
    
    

    
    

    the expansion of our operations and any acquisitions we may make
 which could result in increased costs
 high employee turnover
    or damage to customer relationships;

    
    
    

    
    

    and retain qualified personnel;

    
    
    

    
    

    our third party relationships effectively; and

    
    
    

    
    

    predict and respond to the rapid market changes in our industry and the evolving demands of the markets we serve.



any one or more of the above factors could have a significant impact on our ability to implement our business plan and our ability
to pursue other opportunities that arise.


    
    



We
face competition from companies who have made similar frozen products and other processed foods for much longer periods of activity.

Many
of our competitors have been in business for a significantly longer period of time than we have and have learned manufacturing
techniques which can aid in efficiently producing their products. Additionally
 many of these companies have successfully acquired
a loyal customer base that would be difficult for us to compete with. Such customers may be unwilling to purchase our products
due to brand loyalty or uncertainty in the highly competitive market in which we compete.

There
are very few barriers to entry in the gourmet Italian frozen food industry for companies that already manufacture and sell frozen
foods.

If
we gain traction in our particular niche of creating gourmet Italian frozen foods
 major food companies with substantial marketing
and capital resources may attempt to compete more directly with us. In the event that such large companies do directly compete
with us
 our business may be adversely affected.

We
may be unable to maintain quality control.

All
of our manufacturing is outsourced. Although we have entered into supply agreements specifying certain minimum acceptable quality
standards
 there is no assurance that our current quality assurance procedures will be able to effective monitor compliance. Additionally
in the event that we expand our operations and increase our output volume
 including securing additional manufacturers
 there
is no assurance that we will be able to adequately maintain quality controls or that our current process is scalable.

There
may be products liability and other legal claims.

We
may be exposed to potential product liability claims which could have an adverse impact on our business. While we endeavor to
sell safe products
 there is a possibility that a vendor could handle our products improperly or that someone could have an adverse
reaction to a product. We are currently a named insured through the products liability insurance policy of JEFE
 our food manufacturer
and we also carry our own product liability insurance policy. Although we believe that the amount of insurance coverage is sufficient
for our operations
 there is no assurance that the coverage will be adequate.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

We
may be unable to defend our intellectual property.

Our
business could be adversely affected if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property. Our current intellectual
property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and trademarks. We may rely on a combination
of patent
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also use technical
measures
 confidentiality agreements and non-compete agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We may however not be able
to secure significant protection for service marks or trademarks that we obtain. Our inability to protect our intellectual property
from others may impede our brand identity and could lead to consumer confusion.

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable
 and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our services and brand.

Our
business is largely based upon our recipes which are trade secrets and are not patentable. We may be unable to keep other companies
from copying our recipes
 or we may be subject to legal actions alleging intellectual property infringement
 unfair competition
or similar claims against us. Companies may have intellectual property rights covering aspects of our technologies or businesses.
Defending ourselves against intellectual property infringement or similar claims would be expensive and would divert management&rsquo;s
attention.


    
    


RISKS
RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES

You
will experience dilution of your ownership interest because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock and
our preferred stock.

In
the future
 we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities
 resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
consisting of 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.00001 per share and 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value
$0.00001 per share.

We
may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock
in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants
 future acquisitions
 future sales of our securities for capital
raising purposes
 or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock or other
securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be
required to issue additional shares
 warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with hiring or retaining
employees or consultants
 future acquisitions
 future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business
purposes
 including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of our common stock are trading.

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock
 which may be subject to restrictions on marketability
 so you may not be able to sell
your shares.

We
are currently listed on the OTCQB and OTCBB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;
 however there has been no trading of our common
stock as of the date hereof. If our common stock becomes tradable in the secondary market
 we will be subject to the penny stock
rules adopted by the SEC that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in
penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock
 which in all likelihood
would make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities.

Penny
stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny
stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
 if any
 in the
secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers
by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities
 which could severely limit the
market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common
stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock.

Our
executive officers and directors beneficially own 49% of our outstanding Common Stock.

Our
executive officers and directors beneficially own approximately 49% of our outstanding common stock
 including approximately 40.8%
of our outstanding shares that are beneficially owned by our Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf and our President
 Matthew Brown.
If our executive officers and directors increase their beneficial ownership above 50%
 our executive officers and directors will
have the majority vote with respect to all of the issues submitted to a vote of our shareholders.

We
do not expect to pay dividends.

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future
earnings
 if any
 to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

The
declaration
 payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors
 and will depend
upon
 among other things
 the results of our operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and
if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. If the Company does not pay dividends
the Company&rsquo;s common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor&rsquo;s investment will only occur if the
Company&rsquo;s stock price appreciates.


    
    



There
has been a limited trading market for our Common Stock which may impair your ability to sell your shares.

We
are currently listed on the OTCQB and OTCBB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;
 however there has been limited to no trading
of our Common Stock as of the date hereof. It is anticipated that there will continue to be a limited trading market for the Common
Stock on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board OTCBB or OTCQB. The lack of an active market will impair your ability to sell your
shares at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The lack of an active market will also reduce
the fair market value of your shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of capital
stock and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or assets by using Common Stock as consideration.

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results
accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation
and adversely impact the trading price of our Common Stock.

Effective
internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment
existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. As a result
 our small size and any current internal control
deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operation and access to capital.

We
currently have insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Additionally
 there is a lack of formal process and timeline for closing
the books and records at the end of each reporting period and such weaknesses restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to timely gather
analyze and report information relative to the financial statements.

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing. There is inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small number of individuals resulting
in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation we would need to hire additional
staff. Currently
 the Company is unable to hire additional staff to facilitate greater segregation of duties but will reassess
its capabilities in the following year.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receipt of additional funding.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently pay an administrative fee of $4
000
per month to JEFE which includes use of office space and telephones
 computers and photocopy and fax use. We utilize approximately
1
000 square feet of office space on a month to month basis. This space is utilized for office purposes and it is our belief that
the space is adequate for our immediate needs. Additional space may be required as we expand our business activities. We do not
foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional facilities if deemed necessary.


    
    



Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable


    
    



PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCBB and OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; however
 the Company has
had limited to no trading activity in its common stock and we are unable to provide the range of high and low bids per share of
our common stock for the applicable periods.

(b)
Holders

As
of March 20
 2014
 a total of 25
257
374 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are currently outstanding held by approximately
184 shareholders of record. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name
of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and
growth of our business. Therefore
 we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. There
are no restrictions on our present ability to pay dividends to stockholders of our common stock
 other than those prescribed by
Delaware law.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more
information on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 5
 2013.

Rule
10B-18 Transactions

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 there were no repurchases of the Company&rsquo;s common stock by the Company.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

There
were no sales of unregistered securities not already reported on the Company&rsquo;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q or on a Current
Report on Form 8-K.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.


    
    



Plan
of Operation

Our
Business

We
market what we believe to be an upscale line of specialty pre-prepared and frozen and refrigerated foods. Our products are &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo;
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are derived from the original recipes of Ms. Mancini from Bay Ridge
Brooklyn (originally from Bari
 Italy). The United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. The Food and Safety
and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to
include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo; Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant
by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains no artificial ingredients and is only minimally
processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or poultry label if the product does not contain
any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
 or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient.
Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s
product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; label.

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
products are principally sold to supermarket and mass market retailers. Our products are sold generally in frozen food sections
meat department sections
 prepared foods (meals) sections
 sandwich sections
 hot bars and cold bars as well as cold deli and
foods to go sections (&ldquo;grab and go&rdquo;). &ldquo;Food to Go&rdquo; or &ldquo;grab and go&rdquo; sections of supermarkets
contain food already cooked and ready to heat for eating (in some instances no heating is required). Some of our main super market
customers are Costco
 Costco Canada
 Walmart
 Kroger
 Rouses
 Lunds &amp; Byerly&rsquo;s
 SHOPPERS
 Market Basket
 Central Markets
(Division of HEB)
 Winn Dixie
 BI-LO
 Marsh&rsquo;s
 Bashas&rsquo;
 Albertsons
 Publix
 Shop Rite
 Price Chopper
 Redner&rsquo;s
A&amp;P
 Waldbaums
 Food Emporium
 Whole Foods
 Shaws Supermarkets
 Kings
 Key Foods
 Giant Eagle
 Stop n&rsquo; Shop
 Giant Stores
Food Town
 Garden of Eden
 Harris Teeter and The Fresh Market. As of December 31
 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are located
in 7
040 retail locations with an average of 3.22 different items per retail location totaling 22
600 product placements on shelves
in such 7
040 retail locations.

Management
Plan

During
the Second Quarter 2014
 Management plans to raise capital through debt and/or equity financing. The Company intends to utilize
the capital in order to further advertise and market the Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in penetrating additional distribution
channels.

We
plan on increasing our distribution of products into new retail outlets in 2014. The Company has undertaken a national radio campaign
on Sirius XM channels and Political Talk Radio for a substantial portion of the year. Consumer public relations will begin in
the Spring of 2014. Social media activity has increased with Facebook
 Pinterest
 YouTube
 newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and helpful
consumer content including a recipe bank of videos and special projects such as a MamaMancini&rsquo;s win a trip to Italy sweepstakes
beginning mid-year. Consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 product demonstrations and co-op retail advertising
has been undertaken to increase sales to both existing customers and new customers.

Management
believes that all major supermarket retailers
 club stores and mass market accounts are actively being solicited by its key sales
personnel. We are also soliciting business in Canada and the Caribbean.

We
&rdquo;
(rigatoni pasta
 crushed meatballs and sauce
 and cheeses)
asta with broccoli
and mini-fork meatballs
 (iii) Gluten free beef meatballs and slow cooked Italian sauce
 (iv) Gluten free turkey meatballs and
slow cooked Italian sauce
 (v) Five cheese stuffed meatballs; (vi) Antibiotic free meatballs and sauce now available for national
distribution
 and (vii) Antibiotic free turkey meatballs and sauce now available for national distribution. In addition
 the Company
expects to introduce Bolognese sauce in the late Spring or early Summer of 2014.

We
plan to increase our manufacturing source of supply in 2014 to meet increased demand. We have added high speed equipment and new
production order flow in 2013. We expect that the labor cost component of the cost of goods sold will decrease in the later part
of 2014 due to the higher speed equipment and order flow. Additionally
 as sales increase
 we expect that our packaging costs
will decrease as we purchase longer runs of material and supplies.

We
expect to have an operating loss in 2014 due to the cost investment in developing new products and expanding our business. These
investments include slotting fees to gain initial distribution
 special marketing demo events to induce trial
 major promotional
campaigns for customers for initial trial
 and the cost of additional personnel or fee based marketing and sales support while
this new business is developing.


    
    



Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012

The
following table sets forth the summary income statement for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
8
741
621
4
582
845

    
2
551
026
1
352
256

    
(5
489
994
(3
339
532

    
(8
640
(12
347

    
(2
947
608
(1
999
623


Slotting
fees are required in new placements with some
 but not a majority of supermarket chains that the Company does business with. They
are negotiated with each chain depending upon the expected return to the Company. We believe that we have successfully negotiated
such slotting fees to a relatively low expense. We have taken into account future fees currently being negotiated in preliminary
negotiations for new placements. We do not believe our size or financial limitations are an impediment to being able to pay such
slotting fees. Slotting fee costs are an expense in growing the business as are other marketing and sales costs and the Company
has accounted for these fees in assessing its estimated working capital for the next twelve months.

For
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company reported a net loss of $(2
947
608) and $(1
999
623)
 respectively. The
change in net loss between the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was primarily attributable to following significant events:



    
The
    Company commenced operations during 2010 and has experienced significant growth in sales for the comparable periods. The Company
    has sold into approximately 22
600 retail and grocery locations at December 31
 2013 as compared to approximately 16
000 at
    December 31
 2012. The Company has reinvested proceeds to further develop brand awareness.

    
    

    
Advertising
    and promotional expense increased by $1
010
000.

    
    

    
Payroll
    and related expenses increased by $255
000.

    
    

    
Stock
    based compensation increased by $163
000.

    
    

    
Directors
    fees increased $16
000

    
    

    
Trade
    show and Travel expenses increased by $55
000.

    
    

    
Commission
    expenses increased by $133
000.

    
    

    
Royalty
    expenses increased by $69
000.

    
    

    
Professional
    fees increased by $300
000.

    
    

    
Postage
    and freight increased by $180
000.

    
    

    
Public
    relations expenses increased $31
000.

    
    

    
Insurance
    expense increased $33
000.

    
    

    
Depreciation
    expense increased $21
000.

    
    

    
Marketing
    research &amp; social media costs decreased by $94
000.

    
    

    
Product
    development costs decreased by $49
000


Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 91% to $8
741
621 during the year ended December 31
2013
 from $4
582
845 during the corresponding year ended December 31
 2012. The increase in sales is primarily related to the
company executing on their expansion strategy. The Company has sold into approximately 22
600 retail and grocery locations at
December 31
 2013 as compared to approximately 16
000 at December 31
 2012. The Company commenced operations during 2010.


    
    



Gross
Profit:
 2013 as compared
to the year ended December 31
 2012. This decrease is primarily attributable to slotting fees and discounts.

Operating
Expenses:
 2013
 as compared to the year ended December
31
 2012. The $2
150
462 increase in operating expenses is primarily attributable to the following approximate increases in operating
expenses: 


Advertising
                                         and promotional expenses of $1
010
000 related to a new radio advertising campaign and
                                         special promotions; 



Payroll
                                         and related expense of $255
000 as compensation to three new members of management and
                                         a new sales representative; 



Stock
                                         based compensation of $163
000 as a result of stock options issued during the period;
                                         



Director&rsquo;s
                                         fees of $16
000; 



Trade
                                         show and travel expenses of $55
000 related to the increased cost of more members of
                                         the Company traveling and attending more trade shows as sales increased; 



Royalties
                                         of $69
000 related to increased sales; 



Professional
                                         fees of $300
000 due to the cost of being a public company
 the reverse merger and an
                                         increase in outside consultants to aide in the expansion strategy; 



Postage
                                         and freight of $180
000 due to higher sales slightly offset by some customers picking
                                         up their product in lieu of having it shipped to them;



Insurance
                                         expenses of $33
000 related to increases in insurance coverage and premiums;



Depreciation
                                         expense of $21
000 due to new fixed asset purchases during the period; 



Public
                                         relations expenses of $31
000 because the Company needed the exposure to enhance sales;
                                         and 



Commission
                                         expenses of $133
000 related to increased sales. 

These
expense increases were offset by decreases in the following expenses: 


Marketing
                                         research and social media costs decreased by $94
000 due to the Company electing not
                                         to spend on market research and reducing spending on social media for the year ending
                                         on December 31
 2013; and 



Product
                                         development costs decreased by $49
000 due to the Company electing to reduce spending
                                         on product development costs for the year ending on December 31
 2013.

Other
Income (Expense): 
707 to $(8
640) for the year ended December 31
 2013 as compared to $(12
347)
during the year ended December 31
 2012. For the year ended December 31
 2013 other expenses consisted of $8
640 in interest expense
incurred on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit. For the year ended December 31
 2012 other expenses consisted of $12
347 in interest
expense incurred on the Company&rsquo;s line of credit. The Company line of credit was repaid and cancelled on September 9
 2013.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December 31
 2013 compared to December 31
2012:



    

    ended
    

    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012
    

    
4
194
615
2
964
630
1
229
985

    
823
044
529
233
293
811

    
3
371
571
2
435
397
936
174


As
of December 31
 2013
 we had working capital of $3
371
571 as compared to working capital of $2
435
397 as of December 31
 2012
an increase of $936
174. The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to an increase in accounts receivable
 prepaid
expenses and related party receivables partially offset by a decrease in cash and an increase in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. During the year ended December 31
 2013 the Company raised net proceeds of the $4
127
894 from the sale of 3
333
375
shares of common stock and received $800
000 in proceeds from common stock subscribed. During the year ended December 31
 2012
the Company raised net proceeds of the $4
403
158 from the sale of 5
054
000 shares of common stock. During the year ended December
31
 2013 the Company paid $295
000 for the acquisition of a company and $877
522 for machinery and equipment. All are a result
of the Company executing on its expansion strategy.

Net
cash (used in) operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $(3
821
598) and $(2
093
214)
 respectively.
The Net Loss for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $(2
947
608) and $(1
999
623)
 respectively.

Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended December 31
 2013 was $(1
172
522) as compared to $(18
288) for the year
ended December 31
 2012. The Company paid $295
000 for the acquisition of a company
 $877
522 for machinery and equipment
 loaned
$30
000 to a related party
 and received $30
000 from a related party loan during the year ended December 31
 2013. The Company
paid $10
000 for machinery and equipment and placed $8
288 of deposits on machinery and equipment during the year ended December
31
 2012.


    
    



Net
cash provided by (used in) all financing activities for year ended December 31
 2013 was $4
727
894 as compared to $4
103
158
for the year ended December 31
 2012. During the year ended December 31
 2013 the Company raised net proceeds of the $4
127
894
from the sale of common stock
 received proceeds of $800
000 from common stock subscribed
 received advances from the Company
credit line in the amount of $150
000
 and paid off the credit line in the amount of $350
000. During the year ended December
31
 2012 the Company received net proceeds of $4
403
158 from the sale of common stock and paid down the Company credit line in
the amount of $300
000.

The
Company believes that our existing available cash along with estimated net proceeds from the issuance of securities during the
first quarter of 2014 and the Financing agreement entered into in January 2014 will enable the Company to meet the working capital
requirements for at least 12 months. (See note 11 to the Financial Statements related to financings subsequent to December 31
2013 and the Financing agreement) The estimated working capital requirement for the next 12 months is $2
200
000 with an estimated
burn rate of $183
000 per month. The Company continues to explore potential expansion opportunities in the industry in order to
boost sales while leveraging distribution systems to consolidate lower costs.

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company has a net loss and net cash used in operations of $2
947
608 and
$3
821
598
 respectively
 for the year ended December 31
 2013.

The
ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on Management&rsquo;s plans
 which include the raising of capital
through debt and/or equity markets with some additional funding from other traditional financing sources
 including term notes
until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. The Company may need to
incur additional liabilities with certain related parties to sustain the Company&rsquo;s existence.

The
Company may require additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve
its strategic objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
if at all. In that event
 the Company would be required to change its growth strategy and seek funding on that basis
 though there
is no guarantee it will be able to do so.

In
the event that we are unable to generate adequate revenues to cover expenses and cannot obtain additional financing in the near
future
 we may seek protection under bankruptcy laws. During the Third and Fourth Quarter 2013 and First Quarter 2014
 Management
raised capital through equity financings. The Company intends to utilize the capital in order further advertise and market the
Company&rsquo;s brand and to assist in penetrating additional distribution channels.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

There
are no recent accounting pronouncements that are expected to have an effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions
 judgments and subjective
interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expense amounts reported.
These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding
contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP
and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our financial statements. While all these significant accounting policies
impact our financial condition and results of operations
 we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies determined to
be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management to use
a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that given
current facts and circumstances
 it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would cause
effect on our consolidated results of operations
 financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report.

We
believe the following critical accounting policies and procedures
 among others
 affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Use
of Estimates - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.
Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value
of share-based payments.


    
    



Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual
results could differ significantly from our estimates.

Stock-Based
Compensation - The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation&rdquo; established financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines
a fair value based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation
cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance
with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling
Goods or Services&rdquo;.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share
based payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Share based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value
of the share-based payment
 whichever is more readily determinable. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously
recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses
are included in cost of goods sold or Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
in the Statement of Operations.

When
computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:


The
                                         risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent
                                         with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant.



The
                                         Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate
                                         paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future.



The
                                         expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted
                                         under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110.



The
                                         expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.



The
                                         expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry.



The
                                         forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&rsquo;s unvested
                                         stock options
 which was 0%.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company follows the guidance of the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 for revenue recognition
and records revenue when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product
is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable
is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products. Sales are recognized upon shipment of products to customers.



Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements:

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
also known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo; (SPEs).

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements are contained in pages F-1 through F-20 which appear at the end of this Annual Report.



    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

On
January 24
 2013
 our board of directors dismissed Seale and Beers
 CPAs (&ldquo;Seale and Beers&rdquo;)
 as our independent registered
public accountant.

Seale
and Beers&rsquo;s report on the financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2012 and 2011 contained no adverse opinion
or disclaimer of opinion
 and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principle
 other than
for a going concern.

During
the fiscal years ended June 30
 2012 and 2011
 and in the subsequent interim period through December 31
 2012
 there were no disagreements
with Seale and Beers on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or
procedure
 which disagreements
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of Seale and Beers
 would have caused them to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreements in its reports on the financial statements for such year. During the fiscal years ended
June 30
 2012 and 2011
 and in the subsequent interim period through December 31
 2012
 there were no reportable events as defined
in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

On
January 24
 2013
 our board of directors approved the engagement of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman and Company
 Certified Public
Accountants (&ldquo;RRBB&rdquo;)
 as the Company&rsquo;s new independent registered public accounting firm.

During
the fiscal year ended June 30
 2012 and June 30
 2011
 and the subsequent interim period prior to the engagement of RRBB
 the
Company has not consulted RRBB regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction
 either completed
or proposed; (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 and either a written
report was provided to the registrant or oral advice was provided that the new accountant concluded was an important factor considered
by the registrant in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue; or (iii) any matter that
was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(o)(1)(iv)) or a reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)).

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


    
    



(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of December 31
 2013
 it had material weaknesses in its internal control procedures.

As
of December 31
 2013
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s
assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small
number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation
we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not feasible to hire additional
staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether
improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.


    
    


Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. We intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements
to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
    
We
    will document a formal code of ethics.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    will continue to update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial
    reporting processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2014 assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.

Subsequent
to December 31
 2013
 we have undertaken the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.


Item
9B. Other Information.

Not
applicable.


    
    



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of March 20
 2014.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Altobello
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
Vice
    President of Finance


Carl
Wolf

 has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of companies in the food industry. Mr. Wolf
has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present.
Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company with
over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy
component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publically traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay a publically traded direct seller of spoken word through its
audio book club and old time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from 2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh.

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown

 has over 19 years of experience in the sales and marketing of products in the food industry. Beginning in February
2010 through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served
as the President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business.
He previously worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous
aspects of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.


    
    



Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Steven
Burns

 has over 20 years of experience in the management and operations of various companies. Mr. Burns has served
as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves
as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Additionally
 beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works
as the President and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to day operations of the company
 which primarily
deal with investments and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality and healthy food services
and healthcare technology. Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he
led the U.S. Health Insurance Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial
committees and boards of directors throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino

 has over 34 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution
companies. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning
in March 2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services
the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February
2001 as Vice-President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from
February 1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket
Enterprises.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto

 has over 32 years of experience in the management and ownership of food brokerage and food distribution companies.
Mr. Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day to day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.

Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.


    
    



Dan
Altobello

 has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s since 2012. Since October 2000
 Mr. Altobello
 Chairman
of Altobello Family LP
 has been a private investor and active board member of several companies. From September 1995 until October
2000
 Mr. Altobello was the Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc.
 the parent of Caterair International
 Inc. and LSG/SKY Chefs.
He is a current member of the boards of directors of DiamondRock Hospitality Company
 a publicly-traded hotel REIT
 Northstar
Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
 a private company that intends to qualify as a REIT
 Mesa Air Group
 Inc. and Arlington Asset Investment
Corp 
 a principal investment firm that acquires and holds mortgage-related and other assets. From 2004 to December 2010
 he served
as a member of the board of JER Investors Trust
 Inc.
 a specialty finance company. Mr. Altobello serves on the advisory board
of Thayer | Hidden Creek
 a private equity firm. Mr. Altobello is also a trustee of Loyola Foundation
 Inc.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Altobello&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the areas of specialty finance. He also has experience in the area of food service distribution
 due
to his past position as Chairman of Onex Food Services
 Inc. His past and present service on multiple public and private company
boards
 including his service on the audit committee of DiamondRock Hospitality Company and Northstar Senior Care Trust
 Inc.
provides him with comprehensive experience in the area of corporate governance that can be extremely valuable to Board and Company
operations.

Mr.
Altobello
 received his B.A. from Georgetown University in June 1963 and his M.B.A. from Loyola University Maryland in June 1978.

Dean
Janeway

 has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s since 2012. Mr. Janeway is an executive with more than 40
years of broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational
oversight and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the
largest retailer-owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions
of increasing responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions.
From 1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
whole sale wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and
his proven track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

Lewis
Ochs

 has over 40 years of experience in the financial and accounting industry. From February 2010 through the present
he has served as the Executive Vice President of Finance for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Additionally
 beginning in January 2003 and
still presently
 he serves as the CFO of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing all of the financial aspects of the company.
From 1979 through 1991
 he also was an owner of Captive Plastics
 Inc.
 a large molding manufacturer
 directly contributing to
the overseeing of over 500 union and non-union employees. At various times in his career he also acted as an independent consultant
utilizing his financial skills including forensic accounting
 restructuring of businesses
 and as a field examiner for lending
institutions.

Mr.
Ochs received his B.S. in Accounting from the University of Akron in 1970.


    
    



In
evaluating Mr. Ochs&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in finance and accounting
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our President
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Effective
as of January 21
 2014
 the board of directors of the Company ratified the formation of its audit committee (the &ldquo;Audit
Committee&rdquo;) and formed a compensation committee (the &ldquo;Compensation Committee&rdquo;) and a nominating and corporate
governance committee (the &ldquo;Nominating Committee&rdquo; together with the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee
 collectively
the &ldquo;Committees&rdquo;).

The
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Steven Burns and Mr. Thomas Toto with Mr. Toto acting as its Chairman.

The
Compensation Committee consists of Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino and Thomas Toto with Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino acting as its Chairman.

The
Nominating Committee consists of Mr. Dean Janeway and Mr. Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino with Mr. Janeway acting as its Chairman.

The
Committees have adopted charters (the &ldquo;Committee Charters&rdquo;) to govern their membership and function.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

COMPLIANCE
WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 were timely.

Code
of Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the periods ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.



Name
    and 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Non-
    Qualified Deferred
    
    
    
All
    Other
    
    
    
    

David Dreslin
                                         Former

                                         Officer(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
                                                             
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
125
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
                                                             
    
60
000
    
    
26
559
    
    
    
86
559

    
    
55
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
55
000

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
36
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
                                                             
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
000

    
    
91
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
91
667

    
    
90
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
90
000




    
    
Mr.
    Dreslin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation
    from MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation from
    MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Ochs was appointed as Vice President of Finance of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation set forth reflects compensation
    from MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
Represents
                                         45
000 options granted on April 26
 2013.



    
    


2013
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END

STOCK
AWARDS



Name
    (a)
Number
Underlying
Options
Exercisable
    
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c)
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d)
Option
    Exercise Price ($) 
    
Option
    Expiration Date 
    
Number
    of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)
    
    
Market
    Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) 
    
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
    
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

David
    Dreslin Former Chief Executive Officer(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf Chief Executive Officer(2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lewis
    Ochs VP of Finance
45
000
    
    
    
    
    
22
500
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown President(3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns Director(4)
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino Director(5)
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto Director(6)
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Altobello Director(7)
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway Director(8)
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Mr.
    Dreslin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Options
    were granted on April 26
 2013 and vesting is as follows: 50% vest immediately upon grant and 50% vest 18 months from the
    grant date.



    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named directors by us during
the years ended December 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.



    
    
    
                                                                                
    
                                                                                
Stock
                                         Awards
                                                                                
Option
                                         Awards ($)
                                                                                
Non-Equity
                                         Incentive Plan Compensation
                                                                                              
All
                                         Other Compensation
                                                                                              
                                                                                
    
                                                                                              
                                                                                

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
472
    
    
7
472

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
472
    
    
7
472

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
472
    
    
7
472

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
472
    
    
7
472

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
167
4
167

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
472
    
    
7
472

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
500
7
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
Mr.
    Dreslin resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being a
    director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012 and 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect
    to being a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012 and 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being a
    director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012 and 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Altobello was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being
    a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012 and 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013 and compensation received was with respect to being
    a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. in 2012 and 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    fair value of the options granted is obtained by multiplying the number of options granted by their value established according
    to the Black - Scholes pricing model. This value is the same as the fair value established in accordance with generally accepted
    accounting principles. The following assumptions were used for options granted in 2013: expected volatility &ndash; 144%;
    risk-free rate &ndash; 0.68%; forfeiture rate &ndash; 0.00%; expected life &ndash; 2.50 - 3.25 years; dividend yield &ndash;
    0%.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term
of 3 years
 terminating on March 5
 2015
 unless otherwise renewed by MamaMancini&rsquo;s. As compensation for his services
 Mr.
Wolf receives a base salary of $150
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to receive Termination
Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction
with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v)
any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s behalf.

Matthew
Brown

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
for a term of 3 years
 terminating on unless otherwise renewed by MamaMancini&rsquo;s. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Brown
receives a base salary of $110
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
Mr. Brown is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Brown is subject to
confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown is also entitled to
receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment
is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s behalf.

Lewis
Ochs

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Lewis Ochs as our Executive Vice President of
Finance for a term of 1 year
 terminating on March 5
 2013. MamaMancini&rsquo;s renewed Mr. Ochs Employment Agreement for a period
of one year which expired on March 5
 2014. MamaMancini&rsquo;s has again renewed Mr. Ochs Employment Agreement for a period of
one year which expires on March 5
 2015. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Ochs receives a base salary of $60
000 per year.
Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Ochs is eligible to receive an annual bonus
as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Ochs is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Ochs is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of
Mr. Ochs&rsquo; Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v)
any unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common
stock as of March 20
 2014
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all
shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.




    Owner(1)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
255
    

    
    
    

    
5
154
255
    

    
    
    

    
967
448
    

    
    
    

    
517
447
    

    
    
    

    
629
149
    

    
    
    

    
45
000
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
    

    
    
    

    
10
000
    

    
    
    

    
12
487
554
    


*
Less than one percent.

(1)
Except as otherwise indicated
 the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them
 subject to community property laws where applicable and to the information
contained in the footnotes to this table. Unless otherwise indicated
 the address of the beneficial owner is MamaMancini&rsquo;s
25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073

(2)
Pursuant to Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 of the Exchange Act
 beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which a shareholder has
sole or shared voting power or investment power
 and also any shares which the shareholder has the right to acquire within 60
days
 including upon exercise of common shares purchase options or warrants. There are 25
257
374 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of March 20
 2014. The percentage of common stock held by all directors and officers is rounded to the nearest
whole number.

(3)
The 5
154
255 shares are held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full
voting control of such shares.


    
    


(4)
The 5
154
255 shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full
voting control of such shares.

(5)
957
448 common shares are held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 an S-Corp 100% wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Steven Burns also personally
owns 10
000 options to purchase common shares.

(6)
Includes options to purchase 10
000 common shares.

(7)
Includes options to purchase 10
000 common shares.

(8)
This amount reflects options to purchase 45
000 common shares.

(9)
This amount reflects options to purchase 10
000 common shares.

(10)
This amount reflects options to purchase 10
000 common shares.



The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred
stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Preferred
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. Currently we have no shares of
preferred stock issued and outstanding.

Common
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At March 20
 2014 
 we have 25
257
374
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide a preemptive
 subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled
to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.



We
have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our
board of directors and depends upon our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 our general economic
conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.



As
of March 20
 2014
 there are 945
734 outstanding warrants to purchase our common shares. The warrants are exercisable for a term
of five years with an exercise price of $1.00.



There
are 541
404 outstanding options to purchase our securities.

While
there is no established public trading market for our Common Stock
 our Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQB and OTCBB
under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.

The
market price of our Common Stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to variations in our quarterly operating results
general trends in the market and other factors
 over many of which we have little or no control. In addition
 broad market fluctuations
as well as general economic
 business and political conditions
 may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock
 regardless
of our actual or projected performance.


    
    




As
of March 20
 2014
 we have 25
257
374 shares of our common stock par value
 $0.00001
 issued and outstanding. There are approximately
184 holders of our common stock.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.



were the following transactions since the beginning of the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 in which the Company was a participant
and the amount involved exceeded $120
000
 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:


1
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s is under a supply and management agreement with JEFE until February 28
 2015. JEFE is owned by Matthew
Brown and Karen Wolf (55%) and by Carl and Marion Wolf (45%)
 all of whom are shareholders of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Matthew Brown
and Carl Wolf are also both officers and directors of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. As of December 31
 2013
 the company had a total of
$48
000 incurred as other general and administrative expenses between the Company and JEFE. These expenses included insurance
freight
 travel and other general and overhead expenses.


owned by Matthew Brown and Karen Wolf and by Carl and Marion Wolf
 as discussed in the preceding paragraph
 is also contracted
to produce and manufacture food products for MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Currently
 JEFE serves as our principal food manufacturing company.
As of December 31
 2013
 we paid JEFE $6
190
595 for the manufacturing of products. At December 31
 2013
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
has a deposit on inventory in the amount of $359
506 to this manufacturer.



Director
Independence

The
common stock of the Company is currently quoted on the OTCBB and OTCQB
 quotation systems which currently do not have director
independence requirements. On an annual basis
 each director and executive officer will be obligated to disclose any transactions
with the Company in which a director or executive officer
 or any member of his or her immediate family
 have a direct or indirect
material interest in accordance with Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K. Following completion of these disclosures
 the Board will
make an annual determination as to the independence of each director using the current standards for &ldquo;independence&rdquo;
that satisfy the criteria for the Nasdaq.

For
purposes of determining independence
 the Company has adopted the definition of independence as contained in NASDAQ Market Place
Rules 4200. Pursuant to the definition
 the Company has determined that Steven Burns
 Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 Thomas Toto
 Dan
Altobello and Dean Janeway qualify as independent.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

Audit
Fees

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the
fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $43
000 and $25
000 respectively.


    
    


Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $4
750 and $0.

Tax
Fees

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax
advice
 and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees
billed for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $5
000 and $1
600
 respectively.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures
    are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures
    do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.


As
of December 31
 2013 we did not have an audit committee. Our board of directors pre-approved all services provided by our independent
auditors.

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
        
    
    

    
    
Acquisition
    and Plan of Merger Agreement dated January 24
 2013 by and among Mascot Properties
 Inc.
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp.
    and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws
    (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form S-1 filed on May 24
 2011).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Incorporation of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
By-Laws
    of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Supply
    Agreement between MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. and Hors d&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
    10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Development
    and License Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
2013
    Incentive Stock and Award Plan of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).



    
    




    
    
Form
    of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Non-Employee) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form
    8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
                                         of Restricted Stock Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current
                                         Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Employee) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form
    8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Incentive Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement
 by and between MamaMancini&rsquo;s and the Subscriber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement
 by and between MamaMancini&rsquo;s and the Subscriber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Sale
    of Accounts and Security Agreement
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    of Guaranty
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
                                         of Guaranty
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
                                         LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
                                         on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).
        

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    of Guaranty
 between Faunus Group International
 Inc. and Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc. (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Code
    of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on January 29
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Letter
    by Seale and Beers dated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Consent
    of RRBB*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)).*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)).*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.*



    
    




    
    
Letter
    of Resignation from David Dreslin
 dated January 23
 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Investor
    Presentation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
    October 18
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Investor
    Presentation (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
    May 3
 2013).

    
    
    

    
    
Press
    Release (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
    13
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Audit
    Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on January 29
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Compensation
    Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on January 29
 2014).

    
    
    

    
    
Nominating
    and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 99.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29
 2014).




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


*
Filed Herewith.


    
    






or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.





    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    March 20
 2014
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
Carl
    Wolf

    
    
    

    
    
Chief
                                         Executive Officer

    
    
    

    
    
(Principal
                                         Financial Officer)


    
    
    





 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
    
March
    20
 2014

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Brown
    
President
    Director
    
March
    20
 2014

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lewis Ochs
    
Vice
    President of Finance
    
March
    20
 2014

Lewis
    Ochs
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Burns
    
    
    
March
    20
 2014

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
March
    20
 2014

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    



    
    



MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31
2013


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013





    
    

    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity For the Period January 1
 2012 through December 31
 2013
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
    

    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    



    
    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related
statements of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
2013. MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the two year period ended December 31
 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.



/s/
    Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman &amp; Company
    

Somerset
    New Jersey
    

March
    18
 2014
    




    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
741
935
2
008
161


 net
1
063
849
463
565

    
112
279
76
570

    
135
525
64
178

    
781
521
159
200

    
359
506
192
956

    
4
194
615
2
964
630

    
    
    


 net
929
496
17
451

    
    
    

    
5
124
111
2
982
081

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
823
044
329
233

    
    
200
000

    
823
044
529
233

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 20
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued
    and outstanding
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized;
    24
187
375 and 20
054
000 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

    
10
600
461
5
804
680


333 shares
    
    

    
(6
299
641
(3
352
033

    
4
301
067
2
452
848

    
    
    

    
5
124
111
2
982
081



notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
8
741
621
4
582
845

    
    
    

    
6
190
595
3
230
589

    
    
    

    
2
551
026
1
352
256

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
19
408
68
372

    
5
470
586
3
271
160

    
5
489
994
3
339
532

    
    
    

    
(2
938
968
(1
987
276

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(8
640
(12
347

    
(8
640
(12
347

    
    
    

    
(2
947
608
(1
999
623

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
22
012
920
17
358
333



notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
For the Period
January 1
 2012 through December 31
 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1
 2012
15
000
000
    
1
401
573
    
(1
352
410
49
313

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    cash
5
054
000
    
5
053
949
    
    
5
054
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
438
122
    
    
438
122

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
088
964
    
    
(1
088
964

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    year ended December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
(1
999
623
(1
999
623

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
20
054
000
    
5
804
680
    
(3
352
033
2
452
848

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    cash
3
333
375
    
4
999
967
    
    
5
000
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    533
333 shares
    
    
799
995
    
    
800
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
800
000
    
(295
008
    
    
(295
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    services
    
    
162
933
    
    
162
933

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
731
894
    
    
731
894

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
604
000
    
    
(1
604
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    year ended December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    
(2
947
608
(2
947
608

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2013
24
187
375
    
10
600
461
    
(6
299
641
4
301
067



notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    

    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
947
608
(1
999
623


    activities:
    
    

    
33
891
12
564

    
162
933
    

    
15
343
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(600
284
117
914

    
(35
709
24
540

    
(71
347
23
492

    
(622
321
(159
200

    
(166
550
(90
096

    
    
    

    
410
054
46
739

    
    
(69
544

    
(3
821
598
(2
093
214

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(877
522
(10
000

    
    
(8
288

    
(295
000
    

    
(30
000
    

    
30
000
    

    
(1
172
522
(18
288

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
000
000
5
054
000

    
(872
106
(650
842

    
800
000
    

    
150
000
    

    
(350
000
(300
000

    
4
727
894
4
103
158

    
    
    

    
(266
226
1
991
656

    
    
    

    
2
008
161
16
505

    
    
    

    
1
741
935
2
008
161

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
640
12
347

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
731
894
438
122

    
83
757
    



notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013

Note 1 - Nature of Operations
and Basis of Presentation

Nature of
Operations


Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada
corporation.

Current
Business of the Company


a manufacturer and distributor of a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 Italian sausage with sauce
and other similar Italian meats with sauces. The Company&rsquo;s customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large
concentration in the Northeastern and Southeastern United States regions.




2013
 the Company
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Merger
Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 with MamaMancini&rsquo;s surviving as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The Company acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of MamaMancini&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Shareholders&rdquo;)
 pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Immediately after the Merger
was consummated
 and further to the Agreement
 the majority shareholders and certain affiliates of the Company cancelled a total
of 103
408
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock held by them (the &ldquo;Cancellation&rdquo;). In consideration of the
Cancellation of such common stock
 the Company paid the Majority Shareholder in aggregate of $295
000 and 800
000 shares of common
stock and released the other affiliates from certain liabilities. In addition
 the Company has agreed to spin out to the Majority
Shareholder all assets related to the Company&rsquo;s real estate management business within 30 days after the closing. As a result
of the Merger and the Cancellation
 the MamaMancini&rsquo;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of the Company.


financial statements presented for all periods through and including December 31
 2013 are those of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. As a
result of this Merger
 the equity sections of MamaMancini&rsquo;s for all prior periods presented reflect the recapitalization
described above and are consistent with the December 31
 2013 balance sheet presented for the Company.


is considered a reverse acquisition and recapitalization
 the presentation of pro-forma financial information was not required.

Basis of
Presentation


financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013

Note 2 -
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles
of consolidation


intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such
estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value
of share-based payments.


requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a
condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.




that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations are subject to significant
risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


experienced
 and in the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute
to this variability include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in
the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility
of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the product. These factors
among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.




all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash
equivalents at December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012.


its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance
at times may exceed federally insured limits.

Accounts receivable and allowance
for doubtful accounts


are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral
to support customer receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding
accounts receivable
 historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables
are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum
accounting loss from the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the
face amount of the receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had reserves
of $2
000.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013




stated at average cost using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December
31
 2013 and 2012:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
112
279
76
570


Property and
Equipment


are recorded at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


for financial statement reporting of depreciation are:



Machinery
    and equipment
2-7
    years

    
3-5
    years


Fair Value
of Financial Instruments


this disclosure
 the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s short
term financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Stock Issuance
Costs


costs are capitalized as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity. Offering
costs recorded to equity for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $1
604
000 and $1
088
964
 respectively.

Research and
Development


is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $19
408 and $68
372
respectively.

Shipping and
Handling Costs


to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013




revenue for products when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product
is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable
is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products.


these criteria upon shipment.


as slotting fees and sales discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
9
282
562
4
948
254


 Discounts
 Allowances
540
941
365
409

    
8
741
621
4
582
845





represents costs directly related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. Costs include product development
freight
 packaging
 and print production costs.




for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating
advertising expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $2
440
424 and $1
460
000
 respectively.

Stock-based
compensation


for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC
718&rdquo;) which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a
fair value based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation
cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance
with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling
Goods or Services&rdquo;.


all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on
the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share based payment awards issued
to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily
determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the
vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in
the period related to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Statement of Operations. For the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 share based compensation amounted to $894
827 and $438
122
 respectively.$731
894 of the
$894
827 recorded for the year ended December 31
 2013 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital. The $438
122 recorded for the year ended December 31
 2012 was a direct cost of a stock offering
and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


December 31
 2013
 when computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
The
    risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the
    option in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.68%-1.71%.

    
    

    
The
    Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common
    stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.

    
    

    
The
    expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting
    Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar
    instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate
    expected term.

    
    

    
The
    expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.

    
    

    
The
    expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range
    of 144%-193%.

    
    

    
The
    forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&rsquo;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.

    
    

    
For
    the year ended December 31
 2012
 when computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following
    variables:

    
    

    
The
    risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the
    option in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.61%-1.01%.

    
    

    
The
    Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common
    stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.

    
    

    
The
    expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting
    Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110.The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar
    instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate
    expected term.

    
    

    
The
    expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.

    
    

    
Given
    the Company was privately held
 expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected
    volatility used had a range of 128%-147%.

    
    

    
The
    forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&rsquo;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013

Earnings per
share


(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income
or loss that resulted from the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.


the following potential common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
533
333


 exercise price range of $1.00-$1.50
892
067


 exercise price of $1.00
428
845

    
1
854
245



the following potential common stock equivalents at December 31
 2012:




 exercise price of $1.00
505
400


 exercise price of $1.00
223
404

    
728
804



reflected a net loss during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
would have been anti-dilutive. A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.




with ASC No. 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between
financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during
the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
on the date of enactment.

Recent accounting
pronouncements


accounting pronouncements that are expected to have an effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013

Note 3 -
Property and Equipment:


31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
982
017
39
627

    
982
017
39
627

    
52
521
22
176

    
929
496
17
451



 2013 machinery and
equipment in the amount of $826
340 was not in service.


for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 amounted to $33
891 and $12
564 respectively.


ended December 31
 2013
 a vehicle with an original cost of $18
889 and adjusted basis of $15
343 was raffled off during a marketing
&amp; promotion campaign.

Note 4 -
Credit Line


2010 the Company signed a revolving note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) with Provident Bank (the &ldquo;Bank&rdquo;) for $1
000
000.
The available balance of this Note was reduced to $400
000 and extended to September 1
 2013. The outstanding balance accrues
interest at a variable rate of 1.00% over the Wall Street Journal prime rate with a floor of 4.50% per annum. (Starting July 2013
the interest rate floor increased to 5%) Interest is payable monthly and the rate as of December 31
 2012 was 4.50%.


to 80% of eligible receivables (75 days from invoice) and 35% of finished goods inventory (Starting July 2013 advances are limited
to 70% of eligible receivables). Inventory advances shall be capped at $250
000. Concentrations from any one customer exceeding
30% of total accounts receivable will be excluded from the borrowing base availability. The note is secured by accounts receivable
inventory
 financial instruments
 equipment
 general intangibles and investment property and personal and unconditional guarantees
of two of the shareholders of the Company.


on the revolving note at December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $0 and $200
000
 respectively. On September 9
 2013 the Note was repaid
and cancelled.

Note 5-
Investment in LLC


Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment
is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&rsquo;s
equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011 the investment was brought down to $0 due to
losses incurred by MO.


Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO fell to 28% due to dilution.


Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO fell to 15.8% due to dilution.


ending December 31
 2013 and 2012
 sales to MO were $85
541 and $73
768
 respectively. At December 31
 2013 and 2012 the accounts
receivable balance from MO was $1
457 and $12
680
 respectively.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


 the
Company loaned MO $30
000 for working capital purposes. The loan was non-interest bearing
 unsecured and due on June 19
 2013.
The loan was paid in full on July 8
 2013.


information for Meatball Obsession
 LLC is as follows:



    

    
    
    

    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
    
    

    
50
371
117
777

    
7
895
5
234

    
11
417
14
935


 net
165
398
75
861

    
51
368
60
370

    
286
449
274
177

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
21
139
25
731

    
28
480
8
354

    
49
619
34
085

    
236
830
240
092

    
286
449
274
177




Statement of Operations
    Data

    
December
    31
 2013
December
    31
 2012

    
566
354
315
493

    
220
672
129
571

    
794
648
534
961

    
(448
966
(349
039

    
(4
296
(1
988

    
(453
262
(351
027


Note 6 -
Related Party Transactions




 2010
the Company entered into a five year agreement with a Manufacturer (the &ldquo;Manufacturer&rdquo;) who is a related party. The
Manufacturer is owned by the CEO and President of the Company. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the Manufacturer
a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of
Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions
and replacements developed by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.
Under the terms of the agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&rsquo;s products and the
Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains
a perpetual automatic renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period
either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


of the agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring
increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping
materials in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging
and shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging
of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor
costs incurred in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company purchased substantially all of it&rsquo;s inventory from the Manufacturer. At December
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012
 the Company has a deposit on inventory in the amount of $359
506 and $192
956
 respectfully
 to
this Manufacturer.

Due from Manufacturer
&ndash; related party


December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Manufacturer received payments on behalf of the Company for the Company&rsquo;s customer invoices
and the Manufacturer incurred expenses on behalf of the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses. In addition
the Company made several unsecured loans to the Manufacturer during 2013. The loan to the Manufacturer is unsecured
 does not
bear interest and is due on demand. At December 31
 2013 and 2012 the amount due from the Manufacturer is as follows:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012


    of Company
575
255
301
447

    
450
000
    

    
(243
734
(142
247

    
781
521
159
200


Note 7 -
Concentrations




December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013




31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
    
    


Note 8 -
Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

(A) Common
Stock Transactions




5
054
000 shares for cash proceeds of $5
054
000 ($1.00/share).




the reverse merger (see Note 1) the Company had a deemed issuance of 800
000 shares of common stock.


 2013
through December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 3
333
375 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $5
000
000 in proceeds
in connection with the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock.

Common stock
subscribed


the Company sold 533
333 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $800
000 in proceeds in connection with the private
placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. As of December 31
 2013 the shares had not been issued.


with the 2013 private placement the Company incurred fees of $1
604
000 consisting of $872
106 in cash and 386
666 warrants with
a fair value of $731
894.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013




is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s option activity:



    
    

    Average Exercise Price

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 01
 2012
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 01
 2012
    
    

    
223
404
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; December 31
 2012
223
404
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; December 31
 2012
223
404
    

    
318
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    December 31
 2013
541
404
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
428
845
    





    Outstanding

    Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of Exercise Price
Number
Weighted
                                         Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
Weighted
    Average 
    
                                         Exercisable
Weighted
    Average
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
541
404
    
    

845
    



2013 and December 31
 2012
 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $812
106 and $0
 respectively.


31
 2013
 the Company has $90
931 in stock based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted
average expensing period of the unvested options is .8 years.


    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013




is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s warrant activity:



    
    

    Average Exercise Price

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; January 01
 2012
    
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; January 01
 2012
    
    

    
505
400
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; December 31
 2012
505
400
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; December 31
 2012
505
400
    

    
386
667
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Outstanding
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
892
067
    

Exercisable
    &ndash; December 31
 2013
892
067
    




    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Number
Weighted
                                         Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
Weighted
    Average 
Number
                                         Exercisable
Weighted
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
892
067
    
    

067
    



2013 and December 31
 2012
 the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $1
144
767 and $0
 respectively.

Note 9-
Commitments and Contingencies

Litigations
Claims and Assessments


the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually
or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (&ldquo;the Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Agreement the
Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian
meats with sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the
&ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee.
Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for
the preparation and production of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and
License Agreement.


Agreement (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;) shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning
on each January 1 and ending on each December 31 is referred to herein as an &ldquo;Agreement Year.&rdquo;


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


Term began on January 1
 2009 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless
terminated or extended as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
delivered between the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the
end of such Agreement Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the
minimum royalty (the &ldquo;Minimum Royalty&rdquo;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee
has not breached this Agreement and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term
for an additional twenty five (25) years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the
Effective Date.


Term begins upon expiration of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor due to a
material breach hereof by Licensee that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
 or until
terminated by Licensee.


terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material
breach within sixty (60) days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following
termination rights are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement


Termination
                                         by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on
                                         sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor
                                         shall be deemed non-refundable.


of the Agreement the Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:


Term and the Non-Exclusive Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &ldquo;Royalty Rate&rdquo;)
 multiplied
by Company&rsquo;s &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo;. As used herein
 &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly
or indirectly to unrelated third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances
actually allowed or granted from the billed amount (collectively &ldquo;Discounts&rdquo;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances
actually granted upon claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &ldquo;Credits&rdquo;);
(c) freight
 postage
 shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by
the billing amount
 when included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts
determined in accordance with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.


shall be: 6% of net sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000
of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year;
and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


the Exclusive term
 the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:




    Year

    Royalty to be Paid with Respect to Such Agreement Year

and
    2
    

rd
    
50
000

    
    6
75
000

and
    9
100
000

th
    
125
000



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


$203
031 and $134
121 of royalty expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Royalty expenses are included
in general and administrative expenses on the Statement of Operations.

Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders


2011


into a Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;) effective
December 1
 2011 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act
as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts
private placement (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of up to $6 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities and/or
convertible instruments (the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).


closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds
raised in the Financing. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
five year warrants (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equal to 10%
of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion
or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during
the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share
of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the
exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall
be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


above fees
 the Company shall pay up to $40
000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing
 together with
cost of background checks on the officers and directors of the Company.


ended 2012 the Company paid to Spartan fees of $505
400 and issued Spartan 505
400 five year warrants with an exercise price of
$1.00.


 2013


into a second Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective May 2
 2013 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will
act as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts
private placement (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of up to $5 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities and/or
convertible instruments (the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds
raised in the Financing and up to 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan.
The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants
(the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of
shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible
or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing
on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors
in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange
price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided
herein with respect to each such closing.


pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&rsquo;s satisfaction
of certain thresholds (raising of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0mil-$5.0mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement. On
October 29
 2013 the Company entered into an amendment to the Agreement and the $10
000 monthly fee was cancelled.


ended December 31
 2013 the Company paid to Spartan fees of $650
000 and issued Spartan 333
333 five year warrants with an exercise
price of $1.50.


2013


into a third Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective October 22
 2013 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan
will act
 for a minimum of twenty-four months from the date of the agreement
 as the Company&rsquo;s exclusive financial advisor
and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &ldquo;Financing&rdquo;) of
up to $2.5 million of the Company&rsquo;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;).


closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds
raised in the Financing and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company
shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;)
to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities)
sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which
they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the
Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect
to each such closing.


pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 for the term of the agreement. Such monthly fee shall survive any termination
of the Agreement.


ended December 31
 2013 the Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $104
000 and issued Spartan 53
333 five year warrants with
an exercise price of $1.50.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013




2011
 the Company entered into a five year agreement with a non-related party manufacturer. Under the terms of the agreement
the Company grants to the manufacturer a revocable license to use the Company&rsquo;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients
for the preparation and production of Company&rsquo;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&rsquo;s product and all future improvements
modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed by the Company. The manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive
right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the agreement the manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the
Company&rsquo;s products and the Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors
or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic renewal clause for additional periods of one year after the expiration
of the initial term. During the renewal periods either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to
the termination date.


of the agreement if the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring
increased expense for packaging and shipping materials or in the manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping
materials in ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging
and shipping materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging
of the product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the manufacturer for any labor
costs incurred in repackaging. Per the agreement all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


of the agreement
 the Company is required to acquire and install production equipment at the manufacturer&rsquo;s facility to
be used solely for the manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. The manufacturer will bear all costs of operating and maintaining
the production equipment during the period in which the manufacturer is manufacturing products pursuant to the agreement. The
production equipment shall be owned by the Company.


the agreement was terminated and production equipment held by the manufacturer was returned to the Company.

Note 10
- Income Tax Provision (Benefit)


provision (benefit) consists of the following:



    

    31
 2013

    31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(945
289
(599
149

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(361
363
    

    
1
306
652
599
149

    
    
    



U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $4.6M and $1.6M at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
available to offset taxable income through 2033. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code
Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking
a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating
loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $4.6M and $1.6M
 as of December 31
 2013
and 2012
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2033.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


realization of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable
income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. After consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists
with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the
year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the change in the valuation allowance was $1
306
652 and $599
149.


the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial
statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain positions
that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo;
A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized
tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position
that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.


interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other
expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo; in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General
and administrative.&rdquo;


penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. As of December 31
 2013
and 2012
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant
changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.


deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    

    Ended

    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
1
939
069
599
149

    
    
    

    
1
939
069
599
149

    
(1
905
801
(599
149


 net of valuation allowance
33
268
    





    Tax Liabilities
    
    

    
    
    

    
(33
268
    

    
(33
268
    

    
    
    



    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    

    ended December 31
 2013

    ended December 31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
&nbsp;-
                                         % 
-
                                         


Note 11
- Subsequent Events


evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the consolidated financial statements were
issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were certain reportable subsequent
events to be disclosed as follow.

Entry Into
A Material Definitive Agreement


3
 2014
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;) a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Sale and Security Agreement&rdquo;)
with Faunus Group International
 Inc. (&ldquo;FGI&rdquo;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed
by its receivables and inventory (the &ldquo;FGI Facility&rdquo;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three (3) year
term (the &ldquo;Original Term&rdquo;) and shall be extended automatically for an additional one (1) year for each succeeding
term unless written notice of termination is given by either party at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Original Term
or any extension thereof. The Company and certain of its affiliates also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance
of the obligations under the Sale and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Guaranty Agreements&rdquo;). Mama&rsquo;s also granted FGI
a security interest in and lien upon all of Mama&rsquo;s right
 title and interest in and to all of Mama&rsquo;s Collateral (as
defined in the Sale and Security Agreement).


FGI Facility
 FGI can elect to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&ldquo;Purchased Accounts&rdquo;) up to 70% of the value
of such receivables (retaining a 30% reserve). At FGI&rsquo;s election
 FGI may advance Mama&rsquo;s up to 70% of the value of
any Purchased Accounts
 subject to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be refunded
to Mama&rsquo;s net of interest and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate on advances
or borrowings under the FGI Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the rate of interest designated
by FGI as its selected &ldquo;Prime Rate&rdquo; or &ldquo;Base Rate&rsquo;
 as the case may be (which as of the date hereof is
based upon the Wall Street Journal
 Money Rates Section). Any advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility are due on demand.


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
2013


agreed to pay to FGI monthly collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts. The minimum
monthly net funds employed during each contract year hereof shall be $500
000. Additionally
 Mama&rsquo;s paid FGI a one-time
facility fee equal to 1% of the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.


please see the 8-K filed by the Company on January 10
 2014.

Change of year
end


13
 2014
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) changed its fiscal year-end date to January 31. The Company&rsquo;s
2014 fiscal year shall commence on February 1
 2014 and conclude on January 31
 2015. The Company will file an Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013 and will also file a transitional report with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission for the period of January 1
 2014 to January 31
 2014.

Unregistered
Sale of Equity Securities


2014 through March 14
 2014
 the Company issued 536
667 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $805
000 in proceeds
in connection with the private placement of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The Company incurred approximately $104
650 in stock issuance
costs in conjunction with the placement and issued Spartan 53
667 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.


    
    












begin 644 image_001.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^D)C).*

ML]Q%+MX;RW#8^N*E=U12S

MZ#\ZR+GQ1HEHVV74X-PZA&W

M`
3-8\-^((M




4\&+BXACD=`20K
.@[]CSVKJT8.H8=,TT[E-


M11M)(P5%!+




3N+2
27;JQ.2?J:7/OG/K6#


(3_RQ

#@$__JKQX2Q-\SPLS=R9.O3_`.O^=2PW


M!C)X'7K@?XU;N?'5CI\5P(I#?
)

MST)_%.CZ;+]DO+Z&;[V)79!Z'DBMUU_2[S`M[Z4G_GFX?^6:^9=1U&74

(;6'RYHK6X8?Q


T`/;)!


MM(P2/@@Y+8&


%_



781-*HKRT^]ET^+I@F;2TT^S],6YF?\WR*9-XFUF4$?V]<J/[L.8QW[+@=
MA^=5H/#&H2ZQ!I1,*75Q)H@[X#@KN@XZ]1]0149T6[CTB+4GV.6<VZ1\[





MM]M\L;@``-AZ8QGVK(D\7.AQIVFVEL/[\H\^3\V^7\E%I
5'*\6U9.R?F=







4J;M)'%-73.ZHHHKT#D(



MPGS6Y7TZ]/:I;/9I4I)^[*^WX=#MQX=T=I;B\BBW6IL;@QVYE;



X+B0IN;@XP=S
M*

9-7@
@.,F_C[]_ZT-^VT'2;^ZEM(X$AO8;^9(XGD<)<PH1E,ELAP2
M$9Q5!++28[;P\\^EN_\`:

?[7TKGI;VZD(
ES
Q5M

_K7SG;2R



N=



ME&[/7)VU);:#XRD
(32@PC&U1+'$.

@U^&VM
M[R+[7J




@Y

8XV]
5]+ZAX?TK59%DOK&WN&7
MH98E?'TR#BL34_AMX9U&/:=-AA8#AH4$9'_?.


OEMQ(



+












MG1[LSEC;).%MMQ+!!@[E!/8?+^==Q8#.HVN!_P`M5_G5&UMX;.WCM;90D$2A


M7//ZCC\::@ET

#CD

Y_#`I(X%CAD;^THFNS)Y:3N0=N2
)C/7GI[U2

M
V%%%%
04444`%-C^[^)_G3J;']W\3_.@!U8LFN-%JDMM);^5#'((_-E8J9#

M]-NK6UF






MH@4VNH+;@64$\=




^?;\<C&:DGU*:WOVA-I))`IWH.F5<G/_?('_`A5#3KV
M^N/!/]I2RR+=RVIN`SJGRDKN``'&WTSSCKS7/7/C+4X_S*#$NM6MQY-V=GR


MC)`K/O?&J_V9J


JIBW



M).\FS3_MVD17-TAR4W/U'J
]J:UY:@\W
*\;N7'3.


M

S7.NW$ES#



6]GM);S4QU`^Y@



MX&/PS[U:-K

-P(0LEM9_+U)/`'4\8HL-U)-_$_O



$(H/TI]%%4
M9!1110`4444`-?\`U;?0T[M37_U;?0TZ@#



.#W`K4HI612G).]S'_X1O3DN
MK6XMXY+9[:(0)Y$K(#&#D*0#R

L2S-LRWWB%S@$^U:Y
M.*AN+RVM(_
N)XX4_O2
<A
8QGKT

MS)&DP-PDJ2?





M`****`.


M-G7'X4.R/0X]
5E7EA937WVF:Y9)




1]/8U;HS[HN+KO7_/\`R
W^R=*)


M.J07#/92*/.?)4(-G((*\G'KWJ.UU5)+VV)NM&FM7?
FRPD#%





4^2%/
MJ#QBO;?_B#Q)H4&H0E`[+B6-6SY;]P?\]*]7^SC'D@K')B,#/^:[FS14




=_7FJ-SJT5]=R73RG?



MCO6/#LENIF+Z9YH+PG#?+GYMI/(//KBOH&VN$NK:*XC.8Y4#J3Z$9%?*$\
N
M&.T*.H`YKW;X2ZQ_:/A(VTDS22V4IB^;J$(ROX=1^%=V&GKRGDYI12?.D=]1


LYU(QBV:
MTZ,YR4;;^1S_`(R\<7:3?8-&?RV4%GER,D9QQZ5P5[KK73O<WL\EQ)G:TA8

M7Y6
J!9U(;T(K`N+*XN-0

KX^4)



T:'1KFTCN;.)&0.DA20!CDC/0CGV[=




!_+


MX`6XO[J:-6!V.Y()%2D'H3G-1*;G-RM8RIQ:NV`X!/\`6K&GDG4[8Y_Y:+_.
MJX&3VXJU8#_B8VN2/]:O\Z(_$C7H=O1117I'$
3[S_7^@I]
7[S_`%_H*?F@
1*SHOR;B.#CTJ/5`8E$C/\`,H(!P`/2H])N[Z39;1@FV^ZR@XP/\:V
MA!1C='-+$2514[Z
T&EDBC\@LIW``CN
5W?PD\2-I]Y=:68]RWBM)&Y_@=%8

#]1G\ZJG449)

'@ES;[W-7Q/=)/!
M&;61))Y)?


MVC

MHD=E'E4











M:02R%=Y;;_=')J[8JCPM*2PS_3C^E9EU:M;1NYCG+L`JJ4(!-;L-HZ:)'NV_


M595V8YY[_2I)'2:1A
I');)YP#6B5MC64N9-)D@=8]P*@ANQ.



XMT!)6/<<

M-V2:\_@)NV!@D[AT1.F1W)/7_I_




M:G.FVF@2ZLC=%'C=(2HVN9E+@G^(_.5(]MHZU;LT














M7.)9B.

36#*MVNXQA]V



?7%=%K:G)6K\\G%O1



M2[&8#N.IQ]:F



2R
M;_+M0
^HWBO:Z\C^$4

M
7/GK.3BBBMSFBBB@#C-:_Y#-U]5_]`6N&UWQ
\:2PV`)9





H%;TYZU
M$:37O7U.JI4ARN/+IZ%%8%M+U9EG;R-PQO))4U=U/Q(UU)`G:(`&



(IV





M6*.-/NJMO(

36JH8=;Z^IQO#XU[4Y
M+Y
ZFPABA;;%$D:@'`10`.:T*Y[P]XATO6KF6/3[DS-&FYOW3J`
^I`%=#76
MFFO=.*I3G3ERS33\PHHHID#)1F%QZJ:YF?2[HRE[;41L!RL-Q%N`_$8-=/)_


[







:0?)&[#!)_B/K_`(9K.
(M!M/$FB3Z9=CR#*2`9
;CHP^GZC([

M8YY'![5GM9-Y9VF\


=O3(

C&.

M=VV7)V\


MS

1\L2

\3&%/V4=W^1?HHH

GL+M
M=T

MPW49:!C^ZN%'RN/Z'VJ$:CF!3*B^4J@+Y1^;!!YYYZO-Y;.TC]`5=5(*=+
M5

M8

Q5[<KU\V2S:I?L_V6U6V\F?SAM=2
M_E[#KFG-JMJ1E=.ME?!^;Y2


RUYO\1/AP=?=
MM6TA5740
6BR*O/S
!^51B]



M8:8ULD4/F&3S=XSN``^Z
=3^5=_7





]

G=1M_7J6\-76\


2!^YCZ``YZ8






M'LH=@_M#$_S?@O\`(=_PI&U[Z[/_`-^!_C3O^%(V/_0;N?\`OTO^-%%'LH=A
M?VAB?YOR_P`@_P%)66,?VW=?]^E_P`:NZ?\&M!MG62]NKR\93G:6(1[@#/


M_+.!114N
9;HVI8BM1_AR:]&5/\`A5OASTN_^_W_`-:C_A5OASTN_P#O]_\`
M6HHJ?90['1_:6

M+_\``./_``HHI612G);
5?#.@(


MKH&!@=***8FV]PHHHH$%%%%`!1110`5RGBWP#I7BQ?-ES;7RCW
8R3[
/X
MA^OO110U?1E0G*$N:+LSSP?![Q%:3
BKCT






M=C:6*X8Y`#J3CIN4GJ
U'4_EC<7-Y9:'IGC]\5:P;*&;6M1\7WB1^*)_+XK+
M3-

U.'Q!\!'IXX\'GY2_'B/1C\@PW_'W]T$@%NG(YYK\#I9@ZPQ26ZE9]HED
M;^T$CA??Y
7F2'Q[W;9&&(+O\J@D8J+[,YD,8:%E56M&9KH&-8IKEODFF5



MS&='F+RSXM
RB
21.WB;R5994,MO.Q+1OM66,C-@.0X4'S\7X@2P5:=#%9







M\8:-$BZS9


.
A*-:BY.
E0?M'#E^*4X0=

X`S[UE7MQ(Y2`899(7
MED7R_

GR+
V0$W`LR%]JDG(4G*$'4;]Q)WCUTW=OQZZ*^PY7C#FO=
M:ODCK-VMM!7;7_;KT)9[](W6(!YGR3B%DP&'R[9&9P%`+`

GU&?2M:\








I

OS3`0S/`5T\OJ5JU&.(JWI4Y5Z
HQK




MDPSQM%*``6N`Q4$XR



9(]0
C\Q2$+1110`4A(&
G&3@?4YP/

MI@Z+*QD51;^8K%3SDM
?E

\A!89VMY?E=


#!7:1R$*\CCE75

\D5_*CHO\`P5:_;L^(93X?

M?V=A'';2ZEI5G+#J]K;6=QQ%_P#M^_M)G2(M&^(/[7.JZAJ5_):3W4?P\\._
M#[PX--:VG\

OC?0=1UG^W+\-[:Z/J6B6]QH?BFPOE
M\NOX@Y/


5*LK*RD
NY6##
M(*L
$



M_$+5_%EGKFH:)XF\2^.=#N]/FU#5HH/&UB'T&?P_*#9WL/FPFRA$^V[@:7BP

)_9N.PV

7_``69_9'_`&O_

M[C


MZ7]WVE_30XYT
11?+B*=6$_BM4IU*;Y9:Q=JE.#LU=IVLULW9VL;6.0`/^!#
/FZ88#/S`%+-RT91\^;$=LN1@ENH8].H[^
MU,K]4FO-/9KNGT:NGT;(-6O8-.T^ZOKFYM;.WM89)IKJ^E2RMXUC?=-=S22
M1)%;1#YYF9U/EJRK\[**_!CQ=XYO?BIXMUCXGZO!/:P:[*\^CVNJ37EL/#O@


M.


XRI@8+WK4ZE:E&T6[PIRBHR3Y


/&O&D[

N);C6K







+:+1?B:F




HRIK[8^!'@KX;^%OA+\


:MJ+0;;K3XEM/+M]2\-






82(7?@_QA




MU-;U:TMTT:ZT:VG=+75)&E1]
GA;[P-Y#+#''()8[3_`$8^?%);P^BE-K)



M3T(KZ(K^D



0HX[&XC+E_L]?%
MUW:YE[24E[1WBFFG)II]D?H'?T)N
.
(TN)\#Q!P]P]2SBI];Q;QT
74X@


#+V]MXNU!&C0:)X
2:2)K'S6\%^';1%'VC8@VPZ
S%S?VJV


M_88CB+B+BG/*U3E=7&8+&8#AK#5&ZCH^SI993RK$QE&%:-2@L6JDGC*JDM:M


-/$_@&TTS6[[XK^&P=<LKWP

MU


M%_'5OJ



S*3`[?:K9+1;Q+Y+Z$M'):S0-_.[\3O\`@K?X
WLGVRZWWUU=W3W(7:SB*W.DQ6BX1M(^[+!URXJQF,S-XFE1^J1EE'V4


O#`@1SG(!;G!-?Y5][XB=0\DFE



TNTBMKS7#XN\#:

M8%6EVQX$;DA\$!2S+_$__P`%+_VK?V%O`'[:/Q1M8=;_`&G_``W\2[2/0M'^

M359(I8O+L+.+4KC4;B/
(.3YGFG#FE'):<<%BXTH1GBYQHXFI*FZ


$=4\8ZY\<




M%I_P^\(1^




ZV$H
M91A
)1SR.'X/P'#^:YCA\%@

ML(/#QGB%_35IO[4_B;PY;^






M^R*;V%.3&PS_`!U6E0Q&(4J-&%&R]I&R3YDKIS23;C9=+VUNS\@X'^C_`.'
M_$&/XLS/C+'\7SR7BWB&$SME*X?RRK4H+*
4\
LA^N8UXFKEM#&T*&*S.






%M62WE:`1WC:1XDO?%6BZG<.KA4M]#U7P9:3O<Q-

MJ-_?6EK\3]6N)M/L8B&N+JP9KZ'=!)_9OV=IWB_E]M/^?GCE/BG!\'?&WCC
M0_A]\1+K4?CLMU)K?AO4=6\&C1/@_P#RT^


M%J&'AE.`Q&9J.!HSR66*AE-'&2A5CA8SK8Y8:



MW?X\_:&\$?$CX`_$?7O^$WUCX!W6A:#H'Q&%MJ%E_P`)MX(U^TUR/PEJMW97


+3


%!/V7]2_:;^!-ROPXTC2C^T)\
[O3]

L&\9:#::I=D:9XBBDL

[S7/V_\`MH^!_'&F^)?%&HV.OW(@
MUB&VTKP;XGU'Q*]M/%'9:SK$5AICVNH-:7$4X:62
'W.&

_P##W]E+P;K7P4^?Q6N

/CM=/:_!?4K/1=-@N]$M=4MOWCVZ












M4M&2;5I)J24FDTG&^FKLVM3Z2MP_GN


MP)U3QKJOBCQ%\#/B9\)/BE!\0?&/A%VU/7?AI\8/@WHWB.3XD^(+#2O#\1T;

^I




ME2J9EQW/+I.+G/#5\6Z
Y0EF.:5HMQS'$X;$J56A4IT[2I\K5.-2%^=W]L_:

?`FKCX4^

BOH^OF[]D\L?@?X/

M[-.7^T\P45:V


H+JS:W
HO+


@BFMW=8




KW5Y?#^CP6C3S:PFHW2Z9NCZI#=V_PF


M\Z?%-/AK-L'@L@RJ.35*V14J.:XCA;.J&=/^T99CB\-4ITO;76&J8E4J4DY/






MS;VVAWW@&YMX-UYKDRM^%OACPQ^R[J*:;!J?Q6^(?A*_D^'/]I:\VH^`=
OM
UK<)9Y&=3YWGD^(HT
1]9QW[VA&L












78+<V8W.I0DR:

02%OM-.
M`


MEJ.A3K;Z]HM^D[S:5KFEZ9


:;_
M`*DLJ*ZX8











]^)?T/\5_\&WG[6.A0E_`?QP^&

::9X8LOBE:!+87.K.9H?$*[$O@PB`E!'

M.K/%RBL+F2_VVI%+$58I44E)\L8IQC=1M%6C9'R3I4/_``4+\+7J?9O#7CC5
M;7P7\/-7_9VNM
\3^'O!7Q`T^^$FHZ[K/B:[^']SI6H:/XE\.^)?!DTMU?3
M^%;@6FOR^'H+;0[D7S:/HNAWMU\RI^U'\;OFCV_@2.Z\

M:(_PS^&


5I\

#2]3OHX
MKRPTM;VYB_T$O@)_P0T_8`^U[8:E#\(-(^(FM6
B7%OK_Q.%[XYU&8JL




M%G;QV[*L221HMNT21M--+&B1R1*%C$@V)MP%*J1MQ@`\D:$/^NNO]^/_`-%B

]S'B;-\PSW-L;6Q^99EBJN)

M



MB?\`TWAS&\1^(M
\



M7:V[#Y\M?V=?@]X7GM+?5_$NH26^FV'A^V?1O$NI^#3H\F@^'$\*:!HVDR)?


















(1;6=\;82_(UF9EB
7RQ!X2



M^

A0


M4=01Z'UKZ5K^FLG_`.15EUO^@.A_Z;1^09I_R
L?_P!A5;_TL****](X`J%F










^$
M



M


MKX3
^/\`BS.ZT\/G_&5+





:LB6$L:?07

61,.H=6)2\\N/83$CM+,(HD62\L$WNI-UDWN/C34/

M4&+4]3N]:\

MHDGVJ)Y2XD@EC6%)#









M`&@/BK\4OV?_`(W_`+0FSXJ_$SQCX'^`O[$7AO\`:KC\`:AXB\*:+'XBUW3_

]9U3_

MU)VE3A-.V[UM]$:U^TEXGCGTV[TWX%_&%+.VU'29?%9O_AYK6L7T.G7O@7QA
MKUG%X=L=&U.1FU:U\5:+HWAK4%DC9+2^U9]/NHX]2N;6


+_`!]\`Y_#/@?QY\2M7^'FA^*+?QAJ
M=S#XBU6_^#UI\4_A;J'A?2-6\!Z?JTNG_$G57N?A5!#?Z?HM]%X[=4T6T\0)


MK33]2_TZ:VN=:.DE;
1-Y%LVLV=W8NZ75L(!XM^W;XV_:4\(?!OX
_$+X(WC















_6

ZQ2QY`#$;9!*F2
Q
=K+

U:]LM3\
M2XM5O\`PK8O=.=1D9K59H65XYI&7VY;.&1`)@A(D#A)9#$00&&_Y2&.,D8/
M'/3BN^+$
G_``KOQ8(A&R)I3;%M2PD(
\*3*\C9#1-;-
LD:Y8ALGY5:OSK

MX](G\)_#O2)1#J/A[P_I&OI=0:?\.M!N;B[MM0417+:AJ\.S4KFRNH]_0]!^

M%@^IZ8E_-!X9\-Z5;7+K)=W37&N:GXAO=3_8KX]?%O\`9B_9VTWP1\
_%IT#


M_#GPSX@^'6E7NJWO@B6T\0:W8W%ZGCB*[@L;K1$TSXB7.F:E]GNK/2+FU^EI




M7D:-I\4?US9_M2Z%KO@SQ9)I7[4&BW/B6ZTOX5^
O`VIZ)^P9/K.E:#I-WKF
ML_CQO+XG\$6'AF6^OS\0_B=9OXBT\P^*7U;PMX@OOUC++9Z-=ZAX:USJ?B


XIBK/.N&*
MCO\`%#@[
9QUU2YH9S.-TEJDVUHG9Z&D_#[


MW/AKPUX



MK=.WZE35G5P=##.;HX2G/1YXRB[T(J+45*
6X+F7))7C):QDT?KG^R@&'P
@'+?*#5RFIT'X
M_P`S3OHEZ_C;_(FUG)_SI1^Y-?J?GC^V3^QUJG[3FN^!-8T_5;/1-3\Z/XL

MU.
G\





V]0FV;'#^/W
M`LHU*D:7$U5)-SB^!ZL:R4=6W#^T55C&U[.5&

3C'1

M'ZWX0@MM5OO`VG?&G3H_$_A1OCI!=W-O+J$VN'X2Z_%X(O=
ETZXL=3N=
CU



M\1[.1+:.V=M6FOA




^%__``3.^('PO^#MWX3T?Q!\%M*\=:I\
/V?


MGJ

M_7W?ASPM'(E_P

)])/@#-

M-:I4A&I&
IR4.1G-3Q'#6(QOL
/0Q.*K34*?M%AZLY6UC%2?LY.$8WTYK)*]

;KQSX(O+RX_8$T#]BL^(+IO$?G75[H/BC4+N\^($U
MJVA:[+:)J7AN]4S:'%J6H^U:..VO);NWCB-M]=_G]E[QEX)_:D\=?M`W6N

MHWC_`

/`6
MN:GX?TR37-=LM!UO7[32[/[.^IWK:3I]_?V]EI@N9$MH]2N;B%1:O.2P6.X:



SKK`9?SU(JO+EA6DZ4HJ7(JCIOE]ZT91Y


M2\.H'P'X=-S]L\8V%Y9^

M77[

ME\*^(/B7I6K^
;
PVLWAGPC!+XJU2POKN-98[+4KO1?M5AHMZUJYNUM]6N+.
M0VJF4+M*L?9O@1^T%X#_`&A_`UKX]^']UJ-QIK3S6=[#JFFW&G:G%]EN619C


MF4







MGXT^



M^J_![X:ZAXYCBMH%\7ZCX%\-WGB:.'2++4+#0XAK

M7T;:+INHMI-M`(;MML0_9T^`B06MA%\$/A9;V-IH\?A^TMV^'GA+R[7P^]\-

2?@G_P0L_X*A?&;]K+Q9\1?







ZM_P#%



DW[

MD8.UB.237W-'Q

M]I+VWOMQ:A&S3^4P


M%W'C34I](\8:?XK;]G_QW?:KX@T?P9KFJ7


(G9OMV^W#=
M




?3B_P#EYB.

MKRI?`[.1WTZ7$M;$I8+A/
JV*E&$70RO.HXY1BU:$VL-7K54YJ[:=-0?3FT9




MTW\8(Y7:55
7B26\BE$-S#%

:M9ZSK


MKS

M--TTE3JSE.4+?%K+


@`]
TLLDEM)#`)Q&S1%E7
M`+


;RJT4BVMS'*]OM
V#Y5QL+PL
B98F:
LJ.1X+:EEU+
MEJ2JQCG#G=]''$8B\$]K1NK:VLTUHTW]S&MMBH.
HM0JXFD[2B]:?+%[2?



M`(T

!
8







MJIA

/BFYEU`6
6
%_-
MJ_PRUN[T74[Z6:17M[:^U;4?.BD?^SGGDDAL62`N`X8$*#^6?CF3Q=)I6K?%






M)4B1XR&522I$D4L9R!AXW4_


M2UT.[MKV+2]14F#4[=H=0B+Q7J%O

M\56L
%D=75[K3G1E8,KH
M;^T(920RD$$


M:K:-=PW%I=Q)J5Q972VU[8WRQ:C87
*R*RPW%O#;S03PSV#7%NV]?18^K_5O

GK=P9_7%:







MTU.35-(UYHA;ZDFIWM99DLQMI_MP?V;\?V-__AK3/$]GX7TWPGXN^&7A

MOV;-9^&=SX:OQ^T%\;3X6\)1:*=1T3QUKGA_7-




7[








M?!WCCPQ'I[:VDG4H)--\3W%E;0VZ)!-=?:Y_%0L[Y;IOM5I.UJL7EF*5)\A
M-A;S7Q#?QZD\=MJ9L[?Q`MNQWDL.I@N2]FH/DLPD_TA]H(!&^-E'S@@:97D

M9EN%CEV6S6'K^QC+!0=-2C45!TFFY0LXU&GT;/F/P]KVB_$#Q;IVB^*?&J^$

/?&VI7NM7=A)H5IJ;03W[YM3J'VF=O*.F6R%?M$$1AFC-S#O
MA25/*9PY`K]$-(T70]%TS3OFC7<44/A&W73=:&NW
=G_HUTZ/'=VT=XZ2RR




M^+^*I8?B/AS!X.B\*ZE/%X:5:C1Q
EA'-MJE4E&;YI2:BIP@I*7N2T9^G_\`

MJ/A'5M=T*W$'C3Q;+J_C/2;3P;/?7.G7^C7]SJGB^[L+#^D:P$WFW#3Q[21#

M1A



M?A9L6%PDC


M3&))5=WBE2253G*YD:YE'G1YQGY-X##@ACSBOR'Q/3ECLILF[+6R;M[TM[)V
M^=C]'X2C*60-QC*268XMMJ





\J7#?N08QELD8_
_:0@


M:09S+]C;SW-Z([&..2`SNK3VH?Y4\5_MS7EQJ3+X
\$Z9;:-;7LGD:IXLU?3





(8;B

&KP^'(O%.M'P];Z-
M)H(L8+35-*?4+B)[JY-W_H=C:D:C
89IX4:TM;XK\.:E^T/KNG7:_#3P4L^D

A
B2(/+O$OQ



^./B+Q'H7C:SNII)]=U77K_`$K6+K3Y;.=;YN]
M26RTZ`Q[-T\4



'?%^N0WWBG4/!\4ME<^(;W5M<U7]RHY'PW












MSIC^)[70?&L^A^)[^XF6[EFOM0\:^&K^'99Q6T+RMIUKJ=L;.00QWT\=R(D/
MYB?$/]J_4M;L+[Q+\4O%7C'XCW_]HRZ?I

:;$KO9



(0QF!P&7YC*GEJA63

M&QBTVV-QJMOJ&H-92&]N[1;QQ-%`C3ZHEM$K2QZG$ATM(`?

6G7





XR^&)EB
/





MHH?L$_VZ.-A9:WJ
L5U(AD@MXI(KB9D];


MY_LC^






IJ5WJN:+E%VNEI)VO8_E25-T92I2=1


6TO3&B%[J


$SL+=2'D!6



AR_$TH

M]W$IL_
L6O7C^%?V7/C'X\\)Z_=ZG%XX^)&A
KRKXGU#PQXFU'PIXCT]-(
)


MN*RG#9[A



M
37G5J1C4K*G1K*

Q:K\1-6







MBV_\/^;/1M:AM4O;G4KVR%MX@MEN,P:EH=E=R:@OB&YU5=1M+G4[41PI9R
MW3+Y+^S!\6;?XD?$OPWH_P`8]



M4R_4J&^JXBA1HUJ4*D%AZOM:-.
\72DU#$S5Y3FXMK8XCQO\:YV'A_X12:

MPNV\8VUU::IK

LPNHY$5E
M.3V'P[^&-S\62GB3PCIVM:VMN+NY32[.*0VNCVMQ)$T%A;ZP(WAM+2`LD3IJ



M+.WCP+2=KQ5B%W;-)AU@-NTQ\]3Y81C\V*X^&YX?&83-L2DH8AU*E&FIVA
M*4*
E&FX1ERRDFI.SBI)[IM:G[CB*V$X8PF0T%'$Y7/$T8RE6Q&)AB




/[;A'_``SE



M


W]P5-HJ:C<SRS!`2?P;B++\34RK&55F<\/C
M:LU7J4X3O[;5&I4)4DI-U5.J6E352

+F.7Y'DG!_!
M67Y7@
'@%1B\B^LY]/&O+L$L3F=;















.:$`/_G02!DDLKHZD`J<?6E?GA_P2TOY=2_8L^%5Y-*T
48*55[WJ2I)R?\`X$V?SA#'2S12S6::GFDY9A4C)-2C/%-2E&2:4DTX
M*Z:36S2BBBOHRS.U)`\4*E=V;A.02GR2;F!'W<IN0L?X7(!#%2/XI?^J'

MK*2;=[)67RU/[/\`H39+E68\6^)V;X_A3(^+LSX:X`AC^'




M3WNO.NJ1::_B:*WG(GN8[,1V\FCVT*M++:BXGMT:&9U^E_@5\6SK^GR76M

M8I+9I77^3N*

=A^9?5XTHUG3^L247+G5.
M-9Q;]Y1N?W7B



MW]6BVI1IN?.D['H_QENOAKX@T--TVO;OQMH^8[?2[76;Z*QT'P^-(M1':R

M)H-IJ/G;-1M;A;*Z2ZT)G5H+]=-73[B*:XMTEMK=7E$KH?EKV?\`:=NOB/I6

DFLWUW.\6GVZ:



M(Y;C4I[(7Z7.F-=:;)V[[26G@$IA,LHXQ5,/6E&5GC


MS/*$-I-.!%+$L^PMU'C5WX)\6SZOHNN02V^FV]B=2%TVHZC;P.VF
MLMA+';
MR2(THCM+B5T*J5

M-:/`TMI.Y6&Y^;4K1X?+=PYFA8?ZQ
^[F.&P^7XEB,#]&;]A-P]Y1E%QIS

)AJ.83H87.
9.%3#4IJ3I^Q:O5G$I2A&KS
MJ49SC
N5N



HQM[/GW..\-Z]X@U
MC0=3UF+6IP\%[9V\MG;+.]ND$23B\OYADI';W$R1!;AML;LAN2#CVQ\2Z*


GF_@GP]H'AZXDO;R[NK_`$76K+4YK.W2^MHWUB[WZA-+=M`'RAMC@+;*


C7=.^C5T^C/YT:5VULWS)K5._5
M-733MNFUIN1RD8`/0MC_`
=8C^7^37RU^VAK^F^%/V6OC9XAUBYAL]+TOP'J


MC]X;TKQE\(O&_A3Q!I]EJN@:_HC:;KFFZBC&UU#2;FYACU&U9EN['RY);9I!






M7_@+*LVI9YA



*O'7CK6]6M]*70_!N@7WB?5GC2
MSN93)%I&F07-VT-J\4$
\B0MY+W$

NZSPM*I4P\







MOX8S/B'(




MDFW.




M1VPO[&:[FC
=EJDZ2S+;%+.0?:K&58YK.6VCB=4V

M&_C1I)7NA/=O;:BIN[A(RPCM+%BNIS2D*5;(6C/BYP?J
!A
1AU0GB*
:-
M9TZ;=.%N5)IN-[:*3UYDVFFE=;7^;X_SC(


MBAA80RG


M.


:
M2(I=0?[L/^#9WQY:?$C]@'Q[XAMKEKHI^U#X\TRX:1U::&XLOAO\)7$%P@):







!OAA\,?&7[,/BN_O[BX3QAHWPGU[^'%Q!X5F


^I_%[P'K6O^(_!GBU-;T._-IIWB'4HM.TX:41K
M5S;7.G67B73-.U6.733I\MTLLCV]Q^086$J:P-;%-X+!NG2^KT
=A:^3U*&&







IXMU+0]



M?RZK]6JX2D\5B
UE*$*DXXGEJ.DI2E#F=)4G'E3;7-;E5['
:=X$T_7O@UX;

M5O-?NM!U.+4_%Q=R2W

MNY
#C/%7Q!N=.N=

-O\4O@%^U9=?%'QRWACQ+#9^3?:=\%
MM3NO#&IQ_$+4W6#4-5ATSQ\NG:UHUV(EEU+6K-IIK+Z/$XO(



V:61)41B0/U4\(_\$U?^D\

YQE<\'1G.$XRC.


9


@E)6/.G\7
7S
M'FB5OP.'A_Q/F6)GBN(W6TC0PU)NIR3IZ<W+&
FG)M/6*T6_0_LSASZ;O
MT:LKRR=/#^*O`V%S58W



MMX-#TK7FBU26RTJX21FM;*TO6C:-=\ZEV
42!C*!7I?QCF\.^
/%=^WPSM-;


M;ZW8UU%+6*:1/


B7EKX;^T
)X0AE'644XT/94<3B<WE1ENY
^(OC1X<TJV4RY
#D//A'1



M5H,8/.@W6GP1:K+.+#4-7FNWM;?S(V&^U9?L]O



1


5;J&UBTWRX1(87,HMR\V
M9]\B1!LR;3ZJR/B#%XO1_L^C#.=5-3M%*6G.VY<J7,[;VOT;/G8_3\#L5



4EC\JTLK^[N[(+=NR)

M8PJT(T*M3


MBV'W#_=1U_\`'T-7*JVZLN







VKV3=I0BG]E?:=FV]+M/
M^6?XI_\`!*[3?B+XK^(@\




:CG%J;Y%;\3_`-J#X'_M=Z[X
O/CC^Q1XS\?







MP%N;J?3+
M]1*@2*$*P^5U+?WS_%'QI^S%\5=3U3PW\4?V5]8^(-PUCKEC?ZUKGPKMY5DB


MG2H5;0J2:E!.22497MH14^D1@_JE/8+#8VI0P].-
ZF&Q
9.5--3MS8=.U
J3P7N]J8




M;


D


^&

M(Q
(1J24G=0:J*




M*_V%_C3+HVHZMJGQ
\':GX8\.Z/X5\)ZG\+_`!AJ'AB_\&QVD

MUG1-6;4+V6T01ZS(L3VHGMTNXW*12_.'Q\_X(A?$CQ++\/9_@U^U5HCI\.[2

MZK;7EM=0ZI9S^#?@3IVMZ(++1O%FM36!LM;ATE-=NX-=T+3]*CU:XTRWT_Q%
Y2X'X&PF#P^6X3#5_JV%E*=/ZQBL5F%2+J24Y06)Q<?



MT4SJWY;^'/VU/VT-5L-3O)O^DND:4NEZMK=J;B7P3\!X%UM/#_B[7]TS4_
<9:<M[.ZZ6?F:S^E)
MG$H2E3PW%M6

:L&\PQ@VI8H\?\<WP_\`VW?VU?$/@O3?$VH_\%*?WAV
M^GU/4M.D\



N.!X:X





D



M&*T7




VMC/XP\*:'9^([6&Z:XU34=


M:='_`):7))52V5(W[60;`SR1@R%^$4R12)DXS)&Z@Y1P-&/2+BXVA9](9W)V

?E4FOU6_;K_X(X_M5_L8:QK.LZ=X5U_X
MU?`6W^US:9\7_`FDW^I7'A_0XR?L

ZP7'RE?!U*%24%2J..DN94Y
MN-Y7;]Z

_AGX6^&VN_CPUXPT7P]X-\7^$_$&F7?CCP';
MZ1XKL?%_Q:\?$[^S4-MX;CU?2_#&JZ5X+/AKQ'X2DUF[M;FV\4VFKP@FQM9

M;\QW=F8[U08Q-:F`GS98U+-0U#X7ZM:%D?X36'D:^+\2PZ9XNN!?VD&K27KZ



FC^(;6UTZWAU/Q;=W%[8


M3M9MWEO--\%^'TD2;^S?[/N(I+RZA
%]*7L)2@FM[^L3_EE]S_R-?[:Q%-M0


XRI!Z$&OHK3_$?PRTWQ+X@UYL/@YJE
MAK=EJ&(+C3?'P:;-(=6EM1##+X$U43WK6ES;6S7&F0:-8AE:%M-
LD1CU(O



'C;PT+6+7]2LA;WD#:59
_A709%2[FN+:=OM
TGF?95@






9%@\II)+D]IB*K7VL1BG3J5

84B+B52K%E]6;M


M^UWK=_\`';]GB_\`#WPX_:!F@=O%.DZ[#JFE^!_BY)9PRKI-YK6K^'X)=7\)


M\F=3


_5/\`







0C4)I-+6X@%C=M=-B.2



M

Z=8+8337M_K=SI]I91S22.E=#?\`_!6[]L_3?DW
MBN_^%G[+%GHJ:%;WB7-UXM^*X7R;/PIJ/B/3T66VU1M/.H&..72-4BBG::'4

M?*

M-)5%S(





]]ID*2-%))J4(C\N



MU-=:O;KKUU=37


M5&I&-2

-!U/POXFT73/





_9;A@5!

M;X!M%'#/_KIIE57$D2J/E=JSX_\`@@-_P49BOVU1/VA/V3XK^2)H))8;#75#
MPNZ.Z%6^`GE#+QQMPH/R\$`D'^R:BM89;A9*\HN3N];I:=.C_






9\%/^#9S]GKP]INCW7QU^.'Q0^)7B6POK:^O=


M?X&^#/@[P]\-OACX0T3P/X%\(:6-'\

?E



(N

MVCY6_9`^#4I)#O/+X3$LS.GR@&XGO);MU8
S
KSM&656(9@I7]$G_P!6/]__


.5?_`#*?`Z?\
M$M_^?$D?LA?`IN


O7`$


M?=)%+MAU^RTIM1A0RPQ2

KDD
TFZ-0Q6)!




MY_\`'Q_*2D\E#U9A_P`D'\I:DHHN^X?5Z7\B^]D?D1CHS'_`(%*?YRTA@C.
M`6;KD9!;GZ.T@'UP/49(
M%%WW#ZO1_D7WL8(5S]]F']TJA!]F!B(`]^W%3
M(KALL-JA2H57!7J.=HC3!XZY.!D4)U/T_J*EH;ON:1C&Y8JRNW;UBBBD4?


9C_&$BX\;C\#@






M9WOARWFT./#.(_\`2==*1

MM9/W8V7GTZGF8;B7A[%8:6+IYK3A3BK\KDDX*U^6S2=XII-VUZ7LV?H;ON!(


GC;]NKPA^QE\&1\2O$?Q+^*OQ8U7Q1XCA^(.


MC^#1_28)[P_=MX0

KP


\%O(WE
M[S;6V1!'[6A#*K`@JP#*1_=/*_H17M49NK2I5&K.I3A-KLY14FOQ
9*TI+LV



%)/V:?B#^TE\%M:TCP=XHM-.C\


TW5K?Q5
M?ZY
(;JSO9/!IA



M/#V:1AHFL3F2DWBL1&3]G6QB3C6K1E/FN^4_=[4?VR/V8]`GD;5/VBOCO\3=






[:_HES=3Z`UJD&CVUUK_FADNX)




MF09WPB^'JL:W)[;CFG2Q'U93G!0KXC.92S^-:E3:IXC/
L4HY35C+)5&$VE'


MB7Y$%.\*_$KXB_#6:]E^'OQ!\9^`9-2V?VFW@WQEK?@VZU78B)&9KG1=;L[B








;#Q/O5Y_
=O[GPR?VYJ&[@)



M^

+N3X8?#OQE=W_C_X



O%WPR^(6AZ/XWO-+\^`O&_Q0
MUZ__`&A_7B!?UGXHUJWT30?\`A'/$W@:]T6R73)O$/B36&M'_`+/@A
W!


?G)%X*\0?


MK5K.UL[/6;V'4=(MK2?5#JNIP7VJPQZK;11VZ7L=G&&@@CD?YS%8WV[=.R]Q

_M+_#;P9^S;=_`WQAXATSX


9-QGEV)3EP<X/$<<4<NA6<8O2JRR_VKY7?GJ2FN64G?[8^%7QS_9I


?LYOX&


X0FOTC^)W[8GP&B^
_[1^H:IXBT3XY_LW_`+1D?[*O@_XF?#NQ




NW5#IMYH_A6*0A1)')IOC'Q+`\+QR/%83M+I5E[F&Q4M%


MI2^M0PU\
L3RRM6GAU&

MN3Y8N



MM-J!VBU/4].M3^_58V9'\2_AUJV@W.K'7=)UG1H8-/GO9H;26Y@\O5[HVUFX

W
M;PW/\-HO`?AKQM\

M@_X\EMW62-5`/Q
\4`LU\MVK,Q4LV6(Q=.6*CA*$^#IT:O\*<M7.D[\DG;K*.O5.^C9W95
M6Q.I5
90QG&.2XBC)NI5IWBHU(R2FTI.+;C)KF7


MF.9;.%UCF#K/ND9Y&R$_X)G_`/!+N)3
GP-\#*K2:C'$LOAZ8QWMYH^I7.CZ

]O=


(%6_NH]:











Z4XJ4)T6]?92BU
M*%_L-


OC!X*

&M6+K8ZS



M%=X]['S]\+?`.D_!KP;XF\+VVM^&M




MO'X?DB*0Q

#H
@P+=N
MT:`
-EN%523MS9UC]G#P3KEK8Z9?W?B1[&P\&VG@F*VBU1DB?3=/O++4;*0[

Q(WL2


M2BU/5J7'?'CX=:3\6H-8L=2\6^&])T.V\



.@^//@

9




W@J]NAIL-YHWAQUJRTFWNK@PWB6NG(3=1RM*QNFF)\)\?_P#!07_@
MG!IDGCBYD\=?%O5KWQ$IGUJW\-^_$6F:AJPOTUI_PS=&;Q-X=\+G[*\]YK







M);1?4=]^SKX+:_T;4]



NTO;:[U;?O&N?J?%\09FLSKQY<S5:.&E4I0DL/')1]K.5E0YYNE%N4I
M*GS?N[\BV5K2`!0`





9U7XDXHEED'7G2G[CPWF
M+H+ZS@*D8)SK2P&(<Z#=2HHOV;_=V;/[^?'7QR^&_P`-?AA<_&#7M7C'@N*P
M@OH)]/A^W7NIQ3J&M=*TS3+:1UOM2W;+=HX2'C97A/S1O(O\H7[1_PV1\9?
MVG?&GQ6@L/B)\0_!?POUCQ%!8Z/X1BO+F'29O#MOIMI:7\0\-78_L^YNI(DM
M)]46









M


)@UC\96^L0ITX3^L+7VWNI^V=MO:?


M)I_Q$N=`T634M(T&T@TRSU2RA\/R'PAJZ?$:^@274X_&^E)XO\)-I%YY6FI'
M





M/\LI+[G8_P`[%+F2E_


M.W.!G8
+_P`!R3QZ'OUP.E%0
YNXD$6L:A)
8U@73](7









MN9]O$%SJ\ENWS1
*FMD$85JN*A-5(49R4:BVJ1B]*F[UFES/75MZ*]E[W#O'
M^6Y1_9&28B?%E3$8_$TO;U








MYG_EGO



1DU!X?
\


OBAX.L[FUO/$?A'XN:]J'Q:35+*)DBN;7P[K7BO4[OQ)H&O;?
ELAX;\3:


MM.!B\08C!+2#&
=)&`_0?CUHIEGG[/'N.2#(



9I2C%JSBFKJ+2V:U37D








D
MA\Q7%?05WHGPLT_3K_X7:W\47UW4+;0]9%E8^'9[3598[QDMM'UFPN!X2T2\








MOC7X0T+XB_V]KGAC7];B\0WR_:Y-/U2]M)M.UA(XXXXUT75;+_1M($4
20'3


MT&)C):

MK=WN?L

3_O$)JI)5(U_^GT7=5/[Z9\K#6=1



M


^R;B+A7
M^Q)0SZM5X5Q4;8G


-K$AY70
MV2`C
=?$GQXU3P9KWB*27P9ILEOK&JZ1H&G:C#I0U2\FU/7CHNF6E_%IL5O^





M\-N)84
NM@L+3KIQKQ]KS0C&MS-J-6/,O:)R=I*2N[7?\`*EX*_P"2/[96N^'
M8?'OB'1?!?[/GAS4(M*O/E_\9?BQI/P]UC4;:XL;<LPT!K^^UE1J$XENK)=

3W
M%E-96DD%K!\5+C3/J&85

M3BK23O5I8;/,-6Q/OQAD4)0EAOX=XHEE6549U.+HTY_6[RIJI%N
G-N:Y6


M]5C

53JN
X?7\/B:V(Q&'QBC)?6:.(KUJ


ML;BZF%_[!JE:I*C_`.4W$_/.#XU'P)K4D.JVUGXA\+WT%]I?V%(1!-?_`&JQ

7\'R0R


?;=
^TK9E?[:MP?[
U
M3]R_A1_P;O\`Q*T/6=
TW]HVY^

MP;I6U

IJ

MNFY/DY&GRP7


?V$?A!\/_VA_@3\0A;7FF?%[XLZJ;_6OA'J#*#)H7CW
MP7K[^%=&\

_M*1_MI?LS

+?#&IZYHMIXQO\`PKXEM?%'@67Q)IOAFY'@*^NK*YTW[5X&&CV.
MFVVF65MI6Z0SVUG'*2#<2--<M)/+VY#P/QYF&-RF.=Y+PS@EEF(I9A4S/
H

V
MZ
ERNE*=.:Y$EI+V;=VW[ONKXN;3[$MP1N5G+G:IR!EV/!P/Q'8\9.
T4V


%BL)
MKA:\&FXU*%FU[-N-DKNS332=TOW_`

D=V8GOFLX^%/&MM:70_X6+J5Y?1V4=M8

H?M4?&0^&+77KSXT:+_:++.+



M9_WVQKD3%2_(4C;\NW/Y*67[3'QEN%C@?XQZ#:
FCZ9?Q21:!X-G0B\^UVRV


BRSOI=
MO*9`Y_XDYRTA'[@X!!6;]^):EG_:7^-5HD:Q_&7PQ*'GM+6SNT\


M++Z*0

MZKXKTB/6K?4'NY'TM)[G2;ED\/:B+33[VWN3YPGT?Q$-.U0!QR[DK\I45H)X
M&\0ZG%K-AXE\9:GXEM-7TJ[T]#/_`*`8]4FN+:Z;Q!96@_U22FS\V'_GHCK+

VWD/$P;









D80K^S8_X^)!V.S(['*J.G^?7K2(`)#@

_#?@[Q
PGU?BG*88V6$E5H4*KFU.FHMI--*]G:]M4NBO=G
_N]?AU+Z'GA?3JRK0Q?&=%59.HJ&%XH
MIT
-14VY*EAZ#R*JZ-FGR4J3JU73@HQ=2;7,_W1_3\5:L5I@^
1.*Y9X

5JV)K2C:

M5&__`(2_PE(&PBJ!O_X2'#;0-OH


M*@B2*+0-%C1=Q?\)7X0.[%V_A[LS'\:_I*4`@$@$^IY/6EP/0?D*UC]$;P

M[#\Z_I&P/0?D*




GUU.H5


;B\2\3BI246W.K5]G2



$-070+.^N+IXIKF_U&
7^K7+,CAHDBL%:5&01C!1GX<OSW)LTI3JX',L+6C]US


3D



\2_$C^

M'WQY^+OQ*^
`@NOA[J/PWT+XG^(/&?CUO,#7DI\3^(3J'B77O$6K:S;Z-H6
MHP:YKW@^VT=-(71_UR]K:SSZ@\LW;3S*.)C.KA*ZKTTVX\E.;]UZQUU3T:U


;@6M&.&^\




M9_/\/2O0]F[[Z=[-?G;\SBC5?*I5*5:FFD_X;JK7LZ=[^6FI9C+E!OV[LMG8




74(HP?E.
MZ_*0QERC'E4I04Y22Y'./


HZ
M/+9G




HPD<CS#!R


DXMMJY^E7VC5_^@?8?^#34/_E'1]HU?_H'V'_@TU#_`.4=





M

MZ


M?

W_#GX8OIEAKWB
M6P^!$^I_#YO%S7_AWXG_`!?OM/\`A/X6C\
V]]I.HV'ABZ\8?$G5(/!/B[


MW/^2+@ZK2IQ
MHTY^PP




M&NI6NDZ]X#G\)_V3XLL)WTKQP+#2U\-R^'K[0/$VD1P7&E7.N/;6IEUFR%M)

?A!K/PNT'P]\+_`(HV7P*UU[A+W27LM
T2]BT;

M^)?POT'Q!KOP/TSQ*EE\04UCPO'?_#2^\2WVCQV.B:1KOC
:3=VFE7M]]GM6
M0#7=
\(7FGS:C._A_3
M]71KG5]=C7V\GXASG)L-B<+A\!I2<I1PDIQ3E3H)\M&-1\KYYJGRJ3A:
I)


M8WZZL&UA\1BYI4\+3IQS+&0^IXFFU^^7QR_;]T']AKX:?\+)^).HV?Q$UZ;6













;WLFF
M+HLFI7TEI;M%;C4+33[ERMS#`Y_E=^$W[3G[9MIXIT3XVV'BGQ7XVLO`?CRR

+C







M`^F2Z]H=YXRU_P`9&_\`

=K?:9

%/@OHLLLSF6Q71?A1KOA2ZA:*)(IHY[.*.
M[:,RO!)M'S%3+

M!.F#Q1&WF1W=RUS-X.TC4Y$CN+*VCM?VR_:7_9E^&W[;G[-7B?\`9LU\:./#



M[XN)O=2DO&TR**T/V?5

2P

MRO8:K7Q&=87`9HZN+S/`^W
MIO#87!X4L;7BX5J4IT7K^R/P?\`V?AI^RE^S-JOA2RTWQ]X@\-^-M5\+WN
MNZQ\+_#NDWGBBQUC3YX[CP/XGMMT#4=7N;6VTWQ)::-K(LG7QA
EW?V-SJ=



&!GLXA)`8Y4$D;I



MY^OP@^*'A6PU77/!/PN\1ZE=?$PTE7DGL=%U_3OL%IXM^SLES#=/X


M[H[02VNOW
_KWQJ^-WPIM/VYOA/^U=X@\;?#CXT^&/AU^SI^R!IWB+0W^(GP
MN\3ZCXX\;VWA[0O`7CW1=;TK4_$::/J%_9:A'\1'UR_DT]8]*U^+3?$EF$
-
(;OPW
9!80:


,
M3VK:AI<UGJ5Y\[6S&-*CC*Z=.



VH:C!YDUT]



'/^?D]QXJ\!R:1\&O`O[0NJ^-OAZG
MC[P1JOB;P)X2TOX@:A\1_AI\/-7TR+45T8RZM\-M)\,^%X-)@@,MK'+'I%^L
MEU!.&^8KG]C





TCQ
M!#HUMJ;%WDU'25O[B8
M[



']@_!']JS3/CG\+?$7CWPYHV@^/I?'

M\







_B?X-W/@/P#XZ\/^/-8TKPW+X^\2WGB*[\
:
M[INO6]GK.G^*OA]X9TTP:GJ-O8_:HF$*36*7_GPQAYT']MVAZ-9Z/ING:?;V
ML?DV%ND
:YKFV.<L;
M4PJK5?;2PF`JQYZM*E4VH7G[/E22C&/NQZ*W(


/.N:GX3\&?%.P\:ZQX_P!9TZ\2Q;7=%\):
M?X3M[3P:EV(QJ`M=:OO'

MB_!CXS_#KPM!\


M%H?B^Q\):]HOA_P5::;XBE\-^.-`T[4=5C\31WS:GIJWNF:E+=R_:9)/FO;+










.JE23

G













V\&1V'Q/EDOO6J+KV[3+2WUC4YK^X^7+[]JSX\W'A[QKX4N_'K:UHW

M15LVT?2[N`07%K`T7H'[.ES\6OVGOBQ\+OV6M
\1W%KX:^)?B#X8^`?%FH^%


MG_!`W]J/XJ?M-?L8:?J?Q5U;4?$?B7P'XSU_X9IXIUN:[DUKQ/8^$7T/4X==


5;R3

M

]6D[-K2^VA_FCQUF6!S
MOB[B'-






5ND4?BJ30;B3%I#?/!O?L2:BG[

O&OQ`\$
MVGQ'\


44Y<S6KNH
MQ3;<M&E^H3\-L2L!FV.RS/,)5GAL)P9C,LPV%5&CC,Q_UPSFMD];#0G/5'#

U:

3%Q6!4I/GE^]GC#X!_#XA6TMEXR^''AKQ/8-')=+UW1K
M'6])

M_[3Q.L6X^&?!OA[P7O$,BSPK(_@_0]$O`L%P@GC']K,5G7[0ACD(_+'PU_
MX*


M1_9W_8:^+'QLUP_C7?C]\'_``3XN\3:S!::%XI_X5IXIM?6IZW+I3V'AQ/

M23G%1Y;*VJMNEWU.7#8+CSAG




.Q6!EC:5^(\;B<)3C
M6C)Y;0E5ISA*/UZI'V%*4E%4G.$IJR<5ZE8_\$/O^;&D75M%??!G0[N[O[J
T+6%]X?
M\`_`[5-;U+XAWFB:B)$&N:O\0=2\3:5H]P86D?0O`7A_5H9V:[MY*^M?#W[<
M_P`7/%/[6FB_!OP9XK^#WQ^#_Q
\)?M
)\._%GACP/\1[&T\$^._P!G+6+#
M19]




2:_GP^$'[?W[??Q=LOV7&L


M73M/B\





M)U(MSE%2YG^\EO$BHHV_
A)56PX0Y;#!CT(#

`X'M@








[S3K




MI]Y


/K5M5BTRX3PAHGA[Q):W%D9-)O+&V
MEUKP]XFT^[M-7\RXT&+Q#:ZMX8EMY[_3K@5X5J?Q[^/UKI^C^(;;2+G5I/#%

&RW[1NKV0L_B%^U3\




MGB;Q
ZN6=WA\6^*KWQ#XKT0RF0^9;Z;X@AMIAM:*VMVCL+;[0T#X,?WPYJ


X.9X7M;9H;AF
I-M;RA]T:
/G'_A





M6UKX=V







M2K66#J2BDTFZ:HI^UJN-M)0BX2:O%:J[GG=/%UL//








MF(_VBI'GJ4W+F?O2?

8:CI]I;W;27.DPB/
M-\2?LD_\$[M(C\





M:@TOQ#K.D7&I--X3T'48[K?864D?Z90*3;+DK+AVDBD(C;=&9)&@=6C4(0(R

D-K`D!\B.]NO%$ZF(
M2P)

<
Z*'!&2-'`ZXY]:K3;`P=BBJ&
;LZ[F^=4VJA(8*C
$+@85B
M

&?!VG^!?'ZZGH=_HFN)]HUY3\(





ML)9'FEL_BCI8GDAU+PUXE6^UD1+#J]O)I@LM

MF20;I+M9U4R;GW16R[


M.'+#QO3YHZ.GI=/;S9+K13LX:IVW36G9K3[O5'AOP#^




23DDFGTU?




ML75R?Y4XB^E5%3-(Y)AUA:M7U
-DN#QT(5





7OA(\BH@@


M
N&BMT`
[$S3?







MJ6GI=ZDSMAFNTTK=%`UPF`SS-Y96-@&_%_PE\:[3X\^)_#6I#2]'NXI7NM)O



GR:..668:CB\3B

MBJP'0#!`/.



5!-TJL95H0E[:5G)-)*S/YQROP3\1<YX1Q'&65Y++%Y9EN*S39SA:E:&%


M)VC+

J$:]6

MU9*6#9!_`?X7_

-O/XV\





X;IYI3KXK%4E5I4965-J7-.G%MRE!I


DVI1:D[GZ#GGA/





M\:^G9_B
K+@\J2

9AZM3E]K1DE!

M_!9F:YN?&/[+GA/2I(WUWQGK'C?2]&L)YH+:QN-02+PHD-SJ5Y
P:VMK5)IE
M_=_
5EDV@F1@WX3?&_\`8
_;&NY=3U'P3XH_9\\
_:'N(+[5?%OCCQHMM;F)
.&&[E<)*80W61SYKNQY77_'




?R5XM_:$U'X*


7[
_P+^%7@/PQX(\%&P\
_M[Z_OKVPNK=YY8Y[ZRMK.*%;&SFBA
M59=AFE]+&0\.\!C\1AXYW/BB5?+HX'+\DQ=.2M.-+V=.I];A:C&DG:T9M54K
MN<N;FD[CXNY#D%&=;+,LXWSS+W2CA\QPW%&7X7&<+Q4(QISKX&CGV5SS/#UI
MJ*]E4RSV]!)4H8:=2DJ45W'[)GQX@^)7PGO;OQ5+/-:V\-A8B/5KW3KN]U:\
MDB0I:'39]2AF@M;B207,E[):Q&661U+;3(WY\_\%/V=_VD=*ATKQ_\$-6T
MG3/A;(UQ)XLMI[F?6]6^'WB)AJ&HC4KJZM;B[DU3PMXH@:+1[&V@GE6UU]Y(
MKQ5M8@L?WK\2O@Y\8_A'''XZ^NC:&LVJW^'7U[2K'28[^\
79:T&H6EM:

MN



82HTXIQ/YJ/^

MZ9I5RIMI`9$^S1O
XW'YRSSK_KFSZG\'_P!G'X1_LT^/?BCK7P@&@:7??$:?
M2)3H4E[JZV





OB'\
N^
M$4L)BUTEV9K6<22V\5LEO%!Y@2-8Y`S5]M/!<11S7(



OS/%4)PAF

M(@3)))W-N.W+[G9O

MC



M.;9QA



M3*4LYH&W*``O\B^*WB/7SR6+X?PTZ&+RW

E@X*HIU*TH)S5+F?*H^TNHW6VC

M2ZL+^_D%HFYY;MYIO\`29)2?RB_X*#_`/!/C4?CS9W_`(G^`^B^O!OB[7+



M
TL%REB+A8RL@S\D^


MT



H6PE@D@B
7E8KB/C5XE\`:PQ\$'3+'4]7
M
LZQ:Q7FM68GLH)].O%+S_V8CVQ

M$8R7-K9ZNY[G`=6A##UH83'4
14H8VIE]7!0C.-:
J%1T)5&Y/DY&XMV:YEU
MU/H#Q5_P4$\1_[4+7X=7^AS^(7T)[;4=?\130:

M
N/

M6T^VFCN+K4-

MX)^*WA*RF_X17XGZ0_BCPEJOB70/$\'@K5KS^RU_M7P;K)US1+BW%D3&UE]H
M@T33KO19D\B]L9M71X7@O9UD\RMP_A:E6&*HXK

MG*I*3C!)))M6LW?^DOXQ_MW_``N^$GACX;W^L:C;Z#XA^
UA?0_#R/596FT6

9-0TTPW&I'[1-
B_B'\)O`WQ2_;A^-$V
MAVW]NZEK



1?G3^P%^UUK/P*_9


'3IPP
ZU*.98U1II*M*LK81






C
NP/M'\S7[3'[=?[1]_IMGX

JN3
MY#\!)/%'Q?\`!6IV$\.IV]AX
L+G6K2VM+J;49O&FDI8W&GZP3J
I$ZW
FJW


OR3`TN'




?$6H:;:79TF.[O]77PJ^AKJ.ML5M]/T6+^P=2



VHVLZW
MT=F;!&=&:
:4








M_P#!?XMS^`O%UGIMOIFJ:;?^!/%

M&TOM7O;B\MVU&9H;@FVA].\(?L:_&OP7X82]\2?$O3?B=X)OHX;SQ+X?^#]M






M9M*N9;0+)#)&=0LI(KB%IXO*G(MI6+6G

1222-HVLS-<)(\EWQ1_)'[1_[<?AKQ
MK\+/$/B[P;\8?$W@*^\.SQ:%HZ9I-QI6APQYCAEA@$GA]]36\T]E?3Y6M&1







M/A


MTC/QY3FN)P'%^!ISJ8_
80XGX=P485*M.5#!^RS/(L&XTXSE+]W3EF=-1C%7

MK1?+5C']_&


_
M%G#U







/[25-_5%.C2J1HUKQ:G.E=0G*G:



*^CO

MV^GS+=Q&/S29)8=2
]X+J23X'$5

MKD483G[-*R24=+JS?[SBLRQLZN#RG!814



M=^._B_PY=:)HD^L:5;?[Q'I][IL$SV=_K.JQZG#?V.O:I//X9:R20QVMG#-
MJ2W,FGP&2)E#\9^R)XU^$OP(^(WC&?X;^//_B-/B#K=UK$NOPZ@L[PZK'HW
M@SP^-*&LQ)%%=+(NG7NK&U5\0WFI7I=?M












MUJ2G%RE*[;DV]3O_`(.?+PCX2\8IXT\-^)](FN_%NIVVJ^.OT&BSS:?/JM

;$@IL39\K)QMPORNQ8



CE5I.%7#8-9QF%7%UTZ%.I3J^SG3E4
MHT;)R4W4W*$&E]+?\%7OBMKOPU_9@\&^#?#C:OKWBIO%=WJ7CK58M<O[SP4







M&^'R?





M34IU;5+NY`L'N--33]%GM+)9KJ!G0QWB33.HF+X_!SXC_`+O[:7B;XG:
M]H_@35OA7HNLZ

M^LV.K/;\!;J-=237M*CA(\JT%O+'++'''=36UI/*]M#XU'*

MJF)H8=5\5ETN*\GC6IUN3GJX9UI9FJ


+2
MJRR_$YK'#065YO5G6RR.&I.*]C*M#*?JN)Q4X1M)RQ457E*\ZL?:2DC]N?C%
MX=\??$Z_\

`]4

MM9D3V^/4/CHUUX(N]#BU*:VM[Z31O$-AXLT/57OY]/U22%(KFYO)EM[FXFCB


%A
NP


WPY\8:K=:QXG^&/@TG\2?:KG5M2M/`FDW-_K\A+?9?M.M6-M;
M^-+*XM(TBBMVL/%GAN$-K?8[Q2)9?*OV%OA7H7PP_:7N?#6@?![XLV&F:A\

M!KB7'Z)PGFO`^(Q-#+



YZU

%_B&/[0FN-8
MEU`/C^&?$[7OP-U/5].\5V_B32=1US0M#\/367B_P#$GAG7?&MC?V?B[7-<
M\/S1?%WXK:5;2:)\-Y[OPGXEN/$$&E^(O%^M^+/!_@637_#?A..ST^\[SXVW
M?Q.^$O@WQGXA3Q#K&H?$1;&=O#/BSP/\/_FO:MI%XMS9%`?7B[7Y-*\5:N
MT*Q2VKZW9.EM;B`0


)4(4ZWM


+5E)4HQKQJXJ
9MJ=.4IN$%.-I)U+O6SUNSQ7_`(*(

M-=W]E97\UQ:0_B?\3=`\4?M
^+?A[\)/`X$FJ^*=9U_5-8U?5)I+Z#P[IB27


MN+:RN;P1V^D^(--\+?V?YNK7VIW4ELLNDZH9;1Y=274`!]AB


PSZE_PB.NZ)I
E]%IFC:C:ZKIVGZ.;2VW




M
IS#-ZM=8RG.&(P^$A1G6E[3V52EBE[3VD)/EDHV7-HD?D-+@'
LMG*O6S.I
M6Q$VYUE3K5(Q]K+WJG*JE1V7.Y63VZGJVI_M`^`CX@GMO$NM6/ASPY=W;6Z7
MNK((X#+=
)(K2S6`?:+^]O/

OM'U2XTJW











^FPPI=RW\3*IOIY




M@&7Q;X'MM#GN5\.K)::K;:E=:U!XANXKG1Y=0GU6WT[1[JRN;R^0WD`TVPM&

M=EPUO=1ER\8!^[]GF:5(Q@;!D+BOWIG6
6


MU3`5Y5(PPV75[J.)J8A3;E;$IQ49TN11DDJLHIJ3^HU\W:Z_*8T$%0%*11
<HBD
4H=7$9

NQ(T6.1'2[U&8QO



Y&-K
54[%YY^

V9

``5]M_LA?#X3ZAJGCS4+810VLITO06




M/I\-G8:?!Y4444$4&-Q+S2RI&BAI;F5I;BX9EWRSRS2R9D=B?]&/V?WT6N)


MEXED*?O$8JN`0I41

JAN`Q#8!4&O)SC*:.=Y=C



7
MB19)087BWF0-%.
S)'))YGD3[LL60A5D5L_.@)&0

VI-+
S+')(1F8[93-)
MNBD0B5U!+[HII(_F)S'*Z'AV!_1W]M+]DV_\$ZSJ/Q0^'.FW-SX
U65KOQ%H


FXP^L0Y9IUJC:;]^S31^JX'
M


MW[TKP;=]CH^M1=*4/:XSE:YZ2E6@U3K/7G:O_-KI9G67GA+X2:WIVD75KXCA

MFMH7D#-&A%;5_#]A;:9I\VA^





M:WGF\R'2+N


MUN6I.%O9XK&QMM^_6GW2_KR+L?A#X2W


MY$TR6\#3W4EI?+M)IY8D5'G,H68`
I^5CN4UZ-K^E^&X+/?X?\2^([N623
M4XVGNTU9T\B;0M1U&X\VW?P^0&O=7L;+3ILC_28Q&DN]=H&E)I?@B/2TN4\3

[N_:))IXH(]8

$
56W1S((%#


M1YN)=0OXHC:J3;QL8H48^73R#.%6PV$P6(E6KXN$)TZ&7YIA\95G[1*45]7P

MAN('VQ:597`#2BSLXXH8I85D\JXO(I;LQJ\V:^JA'QQC')4$8P&)(7`SC:
+
MZ8`K_0KP
X'QG!O!$
/F$KYKFE;^U*U2=.M3J4(XV




M`Y5:GOU)O@[AGFG.?O2E)K(U=RDVV[+5[(Z/[3S9I-YSG3;U_P1QF6[_PY
MP:/A%\)@

``

__




`9
F.***^5R[A#
M@J.=5Z5'@7@3#<F*K0]KAN.$:.(ERU)+FG7CPY*I.H[7E-^]*5V]6:2S/-:
MD;3SC.&N1/\`Y&V9*[:6]L;KN]SO8+:WCC\B&%((XU&Q(U54B7;PL2*%6
8/

68LQ`');).
9SSDDD%%?I=E2H8/$U:%&C0J4/K
M&`HRH4:5!4L)A*\Z&&H4Z=G1H4Z=&G&





VBZMX6NYYO.N6\(ZI!IMO=[&C=5ETZZTV_
MT^!8W@B
:VD
0+0QS

M=&A2Q

(I1CR5$[;MO4[\/6JT(3=*I.FVH)N
GU3;W;7IIILM

MH1X-R.
8KEBEA7916B2O5;T7=OU-7C\8FU]8J:-_:_X`UO\`@G_\$W&'UKXG
ML
HV&\:;ANCSL;G2CRFYMAZKN.
9-2C]@7X
A0@\1?%95&T!%\;C8H0*J``Z

```HI_\`$*O#K_HCLD_\)?\`[H+Z_C/^@BI]Z_\`D2$_\$_O


M$V.06))(/]E9&223ZDDFBBC_`(A5X=?]$=DG_A+_`/=!_7\9_P!!%3[U_D1_
M\._?@EES_;/Q-S+M
A_X3
9D*D%2_P#Q*?GVD`KNS@@$8(%2M^P)\&&3RVU[
MXI-'G.QO&[%


M]TBQDMG(YWAB37U%\+O@;\
?@]836/P^\)Z?HGVN(07^H.TU_J]]'N
ACNM1

`
end








begin 644 image_005.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





M/[MW^-A?`_B#;`@^QY%'VZ#^[=?^`%]_\CTPW
8V[G4;L`$O.%R0QP7V;%/R



(8`D\`$UY'\4?C=X
^%/PZ




X



VH5;JW6&(N)BJ0)(Y*'T/7!*]JJOE(?[2T-0P(
M^=9M<AMIXR`<X^SR1DY&#OP-Q5@'WD4313I+L\<XE25&8E625V1XBGE36TB

G3E[\III023WE))V:3YD

IR;C&+G=.;E;F333::=UI_SXP_:?_:[\1^/



TOO#=D
M=-L-/'B_6?6L6FIWFCW@&MR:=INH:#%JFJ2:;_:#WVGWD






#?@C\9/$-SJ^B3)+K5GX<UOQ$NG:]?



M&\U/PWMNI+;5OB+XEM8I)E_M2Z6





3Z<FOY.]*_P#

]^3%\6K_`%&^T73;BY2R

M]@$QAU'0_$.C6&N:5JL*RK]HBM;W3M0M[B







MPS)\7[*\M/B==3:^OANRU*\\0^
Y=0N-0FUC43!_9^H7-SJ`D2\TG1A+\[&O
MAHT73G#][%RYFXK5=.TKWYM==+(_T[RC)


W.HZSXPT&33Y


M%I#]'77CK]M#XP_#[PE/JWA

M[;*-VUIT6N]UV:[
^VR^CXIY?4RK$8O
^&L-D^#QN0SQ6QN/PVQ.-EE.4Y

FWCI81T+5HQ:/=O@#^S;\%/`'[6WQZ_9A_:ST1






M3_BM\1X[72QXKT^SO]$N;V#3]?T*+1+&QT?3].'@];W3?#^HWUW:F6`OD:?9




?C


[PU#\=/A/\*=7\=Z_XA^&OQZ^
GA/



LOC;I7AK3](\



MI-+2Z[+U_KYG\4HRA

MQ\.'&0Q0$C#!RV5^F#SG@G'-4-=_P/&+_L*Z'_`.G_`$VM=5RQ)[


M(RLU=WB[O3716N]-=CU
!Q-Q%EKHQPN?9[)8::J4:4





MT6W73=)UR:SUKP7X?34=5T?19KG2-+U02:?806&I6_V\6$L$\%OQ/_#D?_@I



MBUQO\`BOQY






MC2DV\92J;*T:L)\NJU=I:+6UVCS\9]



)S7)*WLE3]K%PM%0N^5^]:^IWEC^R!^S/IA@-A\#?A


GY576+Z)W:[KL!^6'P*_;$^)7Q_;)^(7P







.



M#&IZGX(?2XH_$FM6TVGIINCR7MU%:R_?$?['7[



MB*RFM[VRMO$MEJ]Y/K(OH[:
WVMQQ7U\QD9Y#M+&92Y0C4P]:#E-J*I1E*4V


M[P5\+](\&W_A[Q)HOB




?Q-K.O_P!BZCJW@SXA?L;_


MW_!(OQW\3/!_P0^'^E_!6Y\1V5WXWU+P'#_P@$OA[06UOXD0Q6_C[3?#^LZS



D1Q:%X-U0SG4_N@V
.AZ



M`$\[0
`9YZ9YHIX)P
?


?6
M_P#CTC_[6B_^GK2ZV5Z#Z#^58NMD&TCQ_T$M%]?^@UIG^!K761
`G(X/RM


MMYV6)9`

M7Q8U#QE;V?B6\T_3K+7_`/A&-EC91;SMJFC:UI9O5O%M/M=O#ONK62PFAN8
M89'56_[]CW]M'XR_LR?9]3\7W?AW3;ZXLO$=NOAW3S/+HEKI4FGZ+)X::6=



:
T_;8&AA8T\7&?+*$IS?PI/FZGXSZ
M_P#&GXT^+;CQE\4?B!=^+M:N=4O=


O-6U'6+M-9M]*TV.RU&Z2#4;VYM;JU-U?SC-M
M+(YM969

L-0\=^)-96;4+N75TLHX6T&6

/CW]COXG^(=3\


ME2QPZBL&GSZ;#K



MN6?EVY?4GMK32]
2]UK4=/TZ?Q;X%_MY:UKM_P##33/C#HGAS2[/XG6NA+X=
M\2^'+BXM-$EO&\-:9?:MK6FG7/LMYXE\$IXCMO&]O/KFA)?6/@S2_`TUWXVN



/<JME0X*CR_





M;;H


MXY?@1XFFDU=AXRFU&\LK62U@UMY%L]/OK2W6Y6RT^*]O/-5+C3XI!''=/#)




M8V
MI++UGPLT#XG_`!#U7PM\4-9TV;4X=*FAL-.F\2VUEX=B\.SZXN_3+M+N





FE_$K5%
M_L3X@2V
^B1ZO;^%_!FGZ=XC
%WKY\3WYB/B#2KX1-:V4&DZBXBU2XU&YMH)
MH4DO8)9K$BZ/R?X_^

M;T
J3VSQV$NBZ?*Q$LRVBWL:-;W$

*L2J\WF#KN$9O#N







MVB



MNO1



M5+=WFKZ)J\5_IVO16
$B_OOM6FK)JL%U;&:VLO[.4O/&UQ;&;ZR^#7PN^)'@


^^\NKU%9YK:[2'\@OCEKGQ5^*5A_PDS7]G






\.1W;W


M;PSL)9(A)Y&=8ZIPWB*^092J.
S.
(5*V.A*G5H4J

MO:1YN!^%\S\1Z%'BGB'-




MIU^W




MK

U
MLTS7)








M1A;

ZZB=3M9#`D-K.



],6H/I\L5M!JUG/<SVTT<5TT=S%%$\
MBE(TDB`*7Y_.+Q1^S#XCNHO$C^_VA?$RVVJ0:XEOX(^

?!OB1Q+GV0XO



WD








M%?&ME:VEVC^QN%/I&8)XJG%Y]E^+P.'PU26'IT\/#*E1Q=2BZ-3$XREBY1Q-
M3
$=

+2@









MWB?QA#X8GU+5_%&CV\]EXAFN?^$8TR_;1FTR-+:P4Q1_:+I+N[T-YX)7:PF^
MPW/DW$\):4WOCU^R+^TEXD\.^#OVJ_#G[%OQ3\&_'`^(+S1_'OP@^#7AS4_B


T;(C-
Z*W3@L%@J
(RQ4%)QE^Y4D[JI]JUXW^%J]NF

VAB\OKY/A:%2







M6SZ?!]LTFZE\'OH.O:A86VJ7+/):WEQ+(L
TKJ`DNSWJ]3+LJH8?.*]#&8^%












'%LX3



)P[6Q@E.E6QM?3
M44W9KZEAL14FV].6I&
%\49.7NG*\7=IQQ52@XN]Z
K.7]V5GJEND[ZG]+LO
MQ




MAE#


M
J+I+F@Z#J*4VWJGR--K[6[O)M[ML_I$F_:W\4Z3::S:+^S?\1-7DTKQ%\1!

M'N(;MD^(W[6&M:3)XX\.:;^SA\4O&5OX/L?$EB)KGX9ZQ+X5\3ZYI-_%9:#9

?YL?'7_!;7_@H]\/]$7Q#

MZX+V]2VDTF.ZN(H'L#_@ME_P4+N]`T#Q'IG@;]AVYTS5=&T;7GNM(\-_'C5%
M\*QZAX

M^K9!PUA
=5/UB







MN%'A\.7^L2




MBY8B5%T.:%+7E;:2LN:]FWJ]#%8V@Y-QK5YU)?$Z_

MD!\.:;G#%CJ;%@FV+(U&0





WKZ1K'A[^BZD4DYSV8C\*Z<NS7'Y/B8XS+\14P]:U<&U&
MI&+YUI&Z4XJ2YN66E]=JU&-9)2^R[KYJWY'^9U\8/^#=+_`(*H?O6;ZTT
M7X&^%_C;H=E#O'C'X.?$?P(^F:B\N?
L[;PUXZO_``I\0A+:]&FDT`XP'=







MR54G!('('88`^@&!VH7C7Q!URW*?E1?ZQ#ZC1[O[D?YDW_#F_P#X*]M)YW_#

M[$EI(VI)(9Y&L/V:6MH4%E;0VD]EIESXHN=/LKF&XM1J#RVT:
;B.UC'4]
M9\G_`$Y
#W_


MT_DD'UET;^Y'^9IX3_X-V_^M/B35X=*O?V;-&\#V%R9A)XA\9_&OX'RZ+:


8_*O

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 5%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 45%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 5%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 45%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 5%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 45%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All significant intercompany accounts and transactions&#13;have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial statements&#13;in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect&#13;the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact, among&#13;others, the following: allowance for bad debt, inventory obsolescence, the fair value of share-based payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Making estimates requires management to exercise&#13;significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances&#13;that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate could&#13;change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly&#13;from our estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense competition&#13;and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial&#13;and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has experienced, and in the future&#13;expects to continue to experience, variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include,&#13;among others, (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry, (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in&#13;which the Company competes, including the general downturn in the economy, and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food&#13;and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#146;s distribution of the product. These factors, among others, make it difficult&#13;to project the Company&amp;#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid instruments&#13;purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December 31,&#13;2013 and December 31, 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company minimizes its credit risk associated&#13;with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally&#13;insured limits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts receivable are stated at the amount&#13;management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer&#13;receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable,&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding, and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded, which is the face amount of the receivable&#13;net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had reserves of $2,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31, 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;112,279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;Asset lives for financial statement reporting&#13;of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3-5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For purpose of this disclosure, the&#13;fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between&#13;willing parties, other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&amp;#146;s short term financial instruments&#13;approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Stock Issuance costs are capitalized&#13;as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering, the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity. Offering costs recorded&#13;to equity for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were$1,604,000 and $1,088,964, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Research and development is expensed&#13;as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were$19,408 and $68,372, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales&#13;revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees and sales&#13;discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,282,562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,948,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;540,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;365,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,741,621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,582,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cost of sales represents costs directly&#13;related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&amp;#146;s products. Costs include product development, freight, packaging,&#13;and print production costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Costs incurred for producing and communicating&#13;advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years&#13;ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were$2,440,424 and $1,460,000, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012 share based compensation amounted to $894,827 and $438,122, respectively.$731,894 of the $894,827 recorded for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2013 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&#13;The $438,122 recorded for the year ended December 31, 2012 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction&#13;in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended December 31, 2013,&#13;when computing fair value of share based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 38px; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.68%-1.71%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected option term is computed using the &amp;#147;simplified&amp;#148; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#147;SAB&amp;#148;) 110. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range of 144%-193%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&amp;#146;s unvested stock options, which was 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the year ended December 31, 2012, when computing fair value of share based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.61%-1.01%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected option term is computed using the &amp;#147;simplified&amp;#148; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#147;SAB&amp;#148;) 110.The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Given the Company was privately held, expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range of 128%-147%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&amp;#146;s unvested stock options, which was 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed&#13;by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted&#13;earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss), adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents&#13;and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px&gt;The Company had the&#13;following potential common stock equivalents at December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px&gt;533,333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px&gt;892,067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of$1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;428,845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; font-weight: bold&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;1,854,245&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;728,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since the Company reflected a net loss&#13;during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the effect of considering any common stock equivalents, would have been anti-dilutive.&#13;A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740,&#13;Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and&#13;tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the period&#13;of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance&#13;when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be&#13;realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31, 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;112,279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px&gt;The Company had the&#13;following potential common stock equivalents at December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px&gt;533,333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px&gt;892,067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of$1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;428,845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; font-weight: bold&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;1,854,245&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;728,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 3 - Property and Equipment:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Property and equipment on December 31, 2013 and 2012 are&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;982,017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;982,017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;929,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;At December 31, 2013 machinery and equipment in the amount&#13;of $826,340 was not in service.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Depreciation expense charged to income for the years ended&#13;December 31, 2013 and 2012 amounted to $33,891 and $12,564 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Property and equipment on December 31, 2013 and 2012 are&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;982,017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;982,017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;22,176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;929,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of consolidated financial&#13;statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions&#13;impact, among others, the following: allowance for bad debt, inventory obsolescence, the fair value of share-based payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks and uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense&#13;competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&amp;#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including&#13;financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid&#13;instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December&#13;31, 2013 and December 31, 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at average cost&#13;using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31, 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;112,279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock Issuance Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and Development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records revenue for products&#13;when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the&#13;sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.&#13;There is no stated right of return for products.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company meets these criteria upon&#13;shipment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees and sales&#13;discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,282,562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,948,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;540,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;365,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,741,621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718, &amp;#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;) which&#13;establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method&#13;of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option&#13;plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes all forms of&#13;share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date,&#13;which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share based payments, excluding restricted&#13;stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative&#13;expenses, depending on the nature of the services provided, in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012 share based compensation amounted to $894,827 and $438,122, respectively.$731,894 of the $894,827 recorded for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2013 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.&#13;The $438,122 recorded for the year ended December 31, 2012 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction&#13;in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended December 31, 2013,&#13;when computing fair value of share based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 38px; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.68%-1.71%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected option term is computed using the &amp;#147;simplified&amp;#148; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#147;SAB&amp;#148;) 110. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range of 144%-193%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&amp;#146;s unvested stock options, which was 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the year ended December 31, 2012, when computing fair value of share based payments, the Company has considered the following variables:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. The risk free rate used had a range of 0.61%-1.01%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Therefore the expected dividend rate was $0.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected option term is computed using the &amp;#147;simplified&amp;#148; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#147;SAB&amp;#148;) 110.The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The expected warrant term is the life of the warrant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Given the Company was privately held, expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range of 128%-147%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed&#13;by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted&#13;earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss), adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from&#13;the assumed conversion of convertible shares, by the weighted average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents&#13;and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px&gt;The Company had the&#13;following potential common stock equivalents at December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px&gt;533,333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price range of $1.00-$1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px&gt;892,067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of$1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;428,845&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; font-weight: bold&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;1,854,245&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company had the following potential&#13;common stock equivalents at December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock warrants, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock options, exercise price of $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total common stock equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;728,804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740,&#13;Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and&#13;tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the period&#13;of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 9- Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Litigations, Claims and Assessments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From time to time, the Company may become&#13;involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent&#13;uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company&#13;is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a&#13;material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Licensing and Royalty Agreements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (&amp;#147;the Agreement&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce, Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats with sauces for&#13;commercial manufacture, distribution and sale (each a &amp;#147;Licensor Product&amp;#148; and collectively the &amp;#147;Licensor Products&amp;#148;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee, Licensor&amp;#146;s trade secret recipes, formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such&#13;Licensor Products (the &amp;#147;Recipes&amp;#148;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The term of the Agreement (the &amp;#147;Term&amp;#148;)&#13;shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each&#13;December 31 is referred to herein as an &amp;#147;Agreement Year.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Exclusive Term began on January&#13;1, 2009 (the &amp;#147;Effective Date&amp;#148;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated or extended&#13;as provided herein. Licensor, at its option, may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee, delivered between&#13;the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if, on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement&#13;Year, Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &amp;#147;Minimum&#13;Royalty&amp;#148;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence, and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement&#13;and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith, Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)&#13;years, by notice in writing to Licensor, delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration&#13;of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter, until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee&#13;that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith, or until terminated by Licensee&lt;font style=color: #171717&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Either party may terminate this Agreement&#13;in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60)&#13;days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights&#13;are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 24px; font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Termination by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event, all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the Agreement the&#13;Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive&#13;Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &amp;#147;Royalty Rate&amp;#148;), multiplied by Company&amp;#146;s &amp;#147;Net&#13;Sales&amp;#148;. As used herein, &amp;#147;Net Sales&amp;#148; means gross invoiced sales of Products, directly or indirectly to unrelated&#13;third parties, less (a) discounts (including cash discounts), and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or&#13;granted from the billed amount (collectively &amp;#147;Discounts&amp;#148;); (b) credits, rebates, and allowances actually granted upon&#13;claims, rejections or returns, including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively, &amp;#147;Credits&amp;#148;); (c) freight, postage,&#13;shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes, duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount, when&#13;included in billing, as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance&#13;with reasonable accounting methods, consistently applied.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net&#13;sales up to $500,000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500,000 up to $2,500,000 of Net Sales for each&#13;Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2,500,000 up to $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in&#13;excess of $20,000,000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Royalty to be Paid with Respect to Such Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd&lt;/sup&gt; and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company incurred $203,031 and $134,121&#13;of royalty expenses for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Royalty expenses are included in general and&#13;administrative expenses on the Statement of Operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreements with Placement Agents and Finders&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(A) December 1, 2011&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a Financial Advisory&#13;and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective December 1, 2011 (the &amp;#147;Spartan&#13;Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, Spartan will act as the Company&amp;#146;s exclusive financial&#13;advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &amp;#147;Financing&amp;#148;)&#13;of up to $6 million of the Company&amp;#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &amp;#147;Securities&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company upon closing of the Financing shall&#13;pay consideration to Spartan, in cash, a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.&#13;The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing, for nominal consideration, five year warrants (the&#13;&amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares&#13;of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible&#13;or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing&#13;on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors&#13;in the Financing or, in the case of exercisable, convertible, or exchangeable securities, the exercise, conversion or exchange&#13;price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing, Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided&#13;herein with respect to each such closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Along with the above fees, the Company shall&#13;pay up to $40,000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing, together with cost of background checks on&#13;the officers and directors of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended 2012 the Company paid&#13;to Spartan fees of $505,400 and issued Spartan 505,400 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.00.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(B) May 2, 2013&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a second Financial&#13;Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective May 2, 2013 (the&#13;&amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, Spartan will act as the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the&#13;&amp;#147;Financing&amp;#148;) of up to $5 million of the Company&amp;#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments&#13;(the &amp;#147;Securities&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company upon closing of the Financing shall&#13;pay consideration to Spartan, in cash, a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and up to 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant&#13;and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing, for nominal consideration, five year warrants (the &amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;)&#13;to purchase a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or&#13;shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities)&#13;sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which&#13;they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or, in&#13;the case of exercisable, convertible, or exchangeable securities, the exercise, conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing&#13;is consummated by means of more than one closing, Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such&#13;closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable&#13;monthly fee of $10,000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&amp;#146;s satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising&#13;of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0mil-$5.0mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement. On October 29, 2013 the Company entered&#13;into an amendment to the Agreement and the $10,000 monthly fee was cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2013 the&#13;Company paid to Spartan fees of $650,000 and issued Spartan 333,333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(C) October 22, 2013&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a third Financial&#13;Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (&amp;#147;Spartan&amp;#148;) effective October 22, 2013&#13;(the &amp;#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement, Spartan will act, for a minimum of&#13;twenty-four months from the date of the agreement, as the Company&amp;#146;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist&#13;the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &amp;#147;Financing&amp;#148;) of up to $2.5 million of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &amp;#147;Securities&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company upon closing of the Financing shall&#13;pay consideration to Spartan, in cash, a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver&#13;to Spartan at the closing of the Financing, for nominal consideration, five year warrants (the &amp;#147;Warrants&amp;#148;) to purchase&#13;a number of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common&#13;Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such&#13;closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate&#13;at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or, in the case of&#13;exercisable, convertible, or exchangeable securities, the exercise, conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated&#13;by means of more than one closing, Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable&#13;monthly fee of $10,000 for the term of the agreement. Such monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2013 the&#13;Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $104,000 and issued Spartan 53,333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Supply Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 3, 2011, the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with a non-related party manufacturer. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company grants to the manufacturer&#13;a revocable license to use the Company&amp;#146;s recipes, formulas, methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of&#13;Company&amp;#146;s products, for manufacturing the Company&amp;#146;s product and all future improvements, modifications, substitutions&#13;and replacements developed by the Company. The manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.&#13;Under the terms of the agreement the manufacturer agrees to manufacture, package, and store the Company&amp;#146;s products and the&#13;Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains&#13;a perpetual automatic renewal clause for additional periods of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal&#13;periods either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement if&#13;the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense&#13;for packaging and shipping materials or in the manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in&#13;ordinary packaging or shipping, the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping&#13;materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the&#13;product, other than due to defects in the original packaging, the Company will reimburse the manufacturer for any labor costs incurred&#13;in repackaging. Per the agreement all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement, the&#13;Company is required to acquire and install production equipment at the manufacturer&amp;#146;s facility to be used solely for the&#13;manufacturing of the Company&amp;#146;s products. The manufacturer will bear all costs of operating and maintaining the production&#13;equipment during the period in which the manufacturer is manufacturing products pursuant to the agreement. The production equipment&#13;shall be owned by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue the Exclusive term,&#13;the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;&lt;b&gt;Minimum Royalty to be Paid with Respect to Such Agreement Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;1&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; and 2&lt;sup&gt;nd&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;3&lt;sup&gt;rd&lt;/sup&gt; and 4&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;, 6&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;75,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; color: #171717&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 4 - Credit Line&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 13, 2010 the Company signed&#13;a revolving note (the &amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;) with Provident Bank (the &amp;#147;Bank&amp;#148;) for $1,000,000. The available balance of&#13;this Note was reduced to $400,000 and extended to September 1, 2013. The outstanding balance accrues interest at a variable rate&#13;of 1.00% over the Wall Street Journal prime rate with a floor of 4.50% per annum. (Starting July 2013 the interest rate floor increased&#13;to 5%) Interest is payable monthly and the rate as of December 31, 2012 was 4.50%.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Advances are limited to 80% of eligible&#13;receivables (75 days from invoice) and 35% of finished goods inventory (Starting July 2013 advances are limited to 70% of eligible&#13;receivables). Inventory advances shall be capped at $250,000. Concentrations from any one customer exceeding 30% of total accounts&#13;receivable will be excluded from the borrowing base availability. The note is secured by accounts receivable, inventory, financial&#13;instruments, equipment, general intangibles and investment property and personal and unconditional guarantees of two of the shareholders&#13;of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 5- Investment in LLC&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: yellow&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2011 the Company acquired a 34.62%&#13;interest in Meatball Obsession, LLC (&amp;#147;MO&amp;#148;) for a total investment of $27,032. This investment is accounted for using&#13;the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&amp;#146;s equity in the&#13;undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31, 2011 the investment was brought down to $0 due to losses incurred&#13;by MO.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2012 the Company&amp;#146;s ownership&#13;interest in MO fell to 28% due to dilution.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2013 the Company&amp;#146;s ownership&#13;interest in MO fell to 15.8% due to dilution.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ending December 31,&#13;2013 and 2012, sales to MO were $85,541 and $73,768, respectively. At December 31, 2013 and 2012 the accounts receivable balance&#13;from MO was $1,457 and $12,680, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During 2013, the Company loaned MO $30,000&#13;for working capital purposes. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on June 19, 2013. The loan was paid in full&#13;on July 8, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Summarized financial information for&#13;Meatball Obsession, LLC is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance Sheet Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;117,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property &amp;#38; equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;165,398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;51,368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;286,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;28,480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;49,619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;236,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;240,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;286,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Operations Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;566,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;315,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;220,672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;129,571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;794,648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(448,966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(349,039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(453,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(351,027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Summarized financial information for&#13;Meatball Obsession, LLC is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance Sheet Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;117,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14,935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property &amp;#38; equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;165,398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;51,368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;60,370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;286,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;28,480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Current Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;49,619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;236,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;240,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities and Members&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;286,449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;274,177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Operations Data&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;566,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;315,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;220,672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;129,571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;794,648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;534,961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(448,966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(349,039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(453,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(351,027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 6 - Related Party Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Supply Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2010, the Company entered&#13;into a five year agreement with a Manufacturer (the &amp;#147;Manufacturer&amp;#148;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer is owned&#13;by the CEO and President of the Company. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license&#13;to use the Company&amp;#146;s recipes, formulas, methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&amp;#146;s products,&#13;for manufacturing the Company&amp;#146;s product and all future improvements, modifications, substitutions and replacements developed&#13;by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the&#13;agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture, package, and store the Company&amp;#146;s products and the Company has the right&#13;to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic&#13;renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel&#13;the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the terms of the agreement if&#13;the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense&#13;for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in&#13;ordinary packaging or shipping, the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping&#13;materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the&#13;product, other than due to defects in the original packaging, the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred&#13;in repackaging. Per the agreement, all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended December 31,&#13;2013 and 2012, the Company purchased substantially all of it&amp;#146;s inventory from the Manufacturer. At December 31, 2013 and&#13;December 31, 2012, the Company has a deposit on inventory in the amount of $359,506 and $192,956, respectfully, to this Manufacturer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Due from Manufacturer &amp;#150; related&#13;party&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012,the Manufacturer received payments on behalf of the Company for the Company&amp;#146;s customer invoices and the Manufacturer&#13;incurred expenses on behalf of the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses. In addition the Company made&#13;several unsecured loans to the Manufacturer during 2013. The loan to the Manufacturer is unsecured, does not bear interest and&#13;is due on demand. At December 31, 2013 and 2012 the amount due from the Manufacturer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer receipts collected by Manufacturer on behalf of Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;575,255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;301,447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Loan to Manufacturer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;450,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Shared expenses paid by Manufacturer on behalf of the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(243,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(142,247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Due from Manufacturer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;781,521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;159,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 11 - Subsequent Events&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has evaluated all events that occurred&#13;after the balance sheet date through the date when the consolidated financial statements were issued to determine if they must&#13;be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were certain reportable subsequent events to be disclosed as follow.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Entry Into A Material Definitive Agreement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective January 3, 2014, MamaMancini&amp;#146;s&#13;Inc. (&amp;#147;Mama&amp;#146;s&amp;#148;) a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s Holdings, Inc. (the&#13;&amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;), entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Sale and Security Agreement&amp;#148;) with Faunus&#13;Group International, Inc. (&amp;#147;FGI&amp;#148;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables&#13;and inventory (the &amp;#147;FGI Facility&amp;#148;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three (3) year term (the &amp;#147;Original&#13;Term&amp;#148;) and shall be extended automatically for an additional one (1) year for each succeeding term unless written notice&#13;of termination is given by either party at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof.&#13;The Company and certain of its affiliates also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the&#13;Sale and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Guaranty Agreements&amp;#148;). Mama&amp;#146;s also granted FGI a security interest in and lien&#13;upon all of Mama&amp;#146;s right, title and interest in and to all of Mama&amp;#146;s Collateral (as defined in the Sale and Security&#13;Agreement).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to the FGI Facility, FGI can elect&#13;to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&amp;#147;Purchased Accounts&amp;#148;) up to 70% of the value of such receivables (retaining&#13;a 30% reserve). At FGI&amp;#146;s election, FGI may advance Mama&amp;#146;s up to 70% of the value of any Purchased Accounts, subject&#13;to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be refunded to Mama&amp;#146;s net of interest&#13;and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate on advances or borrowings under the FGI&#13;Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the rate of interest designated by FGI as its selected&#13;&amp;#147;Prime Rate&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;Base Rate&amp;#146;, as the case may be (which as of the date hereof is based upon the Wall Street&#13;Journal, Money Rates Section). Any advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility are due on demand.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Mama&amp;#146;s also agreed to pay to FGI monthly&#13;collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts. The minimum monthly net funds employed&#13;during each contract year hereof shall be $500,000. Additionally, Mama&amp;#146;s paid FGI a one-time facility fee equal to 1% of&#13;the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For further details please see the 8-K filed&#13;by the Company on January 10, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change of year end&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective January 13, 2014, MamaMancini&amp;#146;s&#13;Holdings, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) changed its fiscal year-end date to January 31. The Company&amp;#146;s 2014 fiscal year&#13;shall commence on February 1, 2014 and conclude on January 31, 2015. The Company will file an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the&#13;year ended December 31, 2013 and will also file a transitional report with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;for the period of January 1, 2014 to January 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 7 - Concentrations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For years ended December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012, the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the&#13;Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012, the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Vendor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A (Related Party)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 8 - Stockholders&amp;#146; Equity&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(A) Common Stock Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company issued 5,054,000 shares&#13;for cash proceeds of $5,054,000 ($1.00/share).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As a result of the reverse merger (see&#13;Note 1) the Company had a deemed issuance of 800,000 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;From July 1, 2013 through December 31,&#13;2013, the Company issued 3,333,375 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $5,000,000 in proceeds in connection with&#13;the private placement of the Company&amp;#146;s stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common stock subscribed&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2013, the Company sold 533,333&#13;shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $800,000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;stock. As of December 31, 2013 the shares had not been issued.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In connection with the 2013 private&#13;placement the Company incurred fees of $1,604,000 consisting of $872,106 in cash and 386,666 warrants with a fair value of $731,894.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(B) Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 49%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 28%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;318,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;541,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;428,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=12 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;541,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.85 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;428,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2013 and December 31,&#13;2012, the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $812,106 and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2013, the Company&#13;has $90,931 in stock based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted average expensing period&#13;of the unvested options is .8 years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;(C) Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 49%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 28%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;386,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00-$1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.04 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;option activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 49%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 28%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;223,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;318,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;541,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;428,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=12 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;541,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.85 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;428,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=11 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00-$1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.04 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Expenses such as slotting fees and sales&#13;discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,282,562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,948,254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Slotting, Discounts, Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;540,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;365,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,741,621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,582,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2013 and 2012 the amount&#13;due from the Manufacturer is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Customer receipts collected by Manufacturer on behalf of Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;575,255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;301,447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Loan to Manufacturer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;450,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Shared expenses paid by Manufacturer on behalf of the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(243,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(142,247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Due from Manufacturer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;781,521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;159,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;Asset lives for financial statement reporting&#13;of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3-5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For years ended December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012, the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the&#13;Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 33%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 30%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012, the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Vendor&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A (Related Party)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;warrant activity:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; January 01, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 49%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 28%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;505,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;386,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#150; December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#150; December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;892,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;Asset lives for financial statement reporting&#13;of depreciation are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2-7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 10pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax assets&#13;(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Years Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,939,069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,939,069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,905,801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;33,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(33,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(33,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The income tax provision (benefit) consists&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(945,289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(361,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,306,652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected tax expense (benefit) based&#13;on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax true-up&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;44.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;36.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;- % &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;- &lt;/b&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nature of Operations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s Holdings, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;),&#13;(formerly known as Mascot Properties, Inc.) was organized on July 22, 2009 as a Nevada corporation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Current Business of the Company&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is a manufacturer and distributor&#13;of a line of beef meatballs with sauce, turkey meatballs with sauce, Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats&#13;with sauces. The Company&amp;#146;s customers are located throughout the United States, with a large concentration in the Northeastern&#13;and Southeastern United States regions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mergers&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On January 24, 2013, the Company, Mascot Properties&#13;Acquisition Corp, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (&amp;#147;Merger Sub&amp;#148;), MamaMancini&amp;#146;s,&#13;Inc., a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&amp;#147;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s&amp;#148;) and an individual (the&#13;&amp;#147;Majority Shareholder&amp;#148;), entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) pursuant&#13;to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into MamaMancini&amp;#146;s, with MamaMancini&amp;#146;s surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of the Company (the &amp;#147;Merger&amp;#148;). The Company acquired, through a reverse triangular merger, all of the outstanding capital&#13;stock of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s in exchange for issuing MamaMancini&amp;#146;s shareholders (the &amp;#147;MamaMancini&amp;#146;s Shareholders&amp;#148;),&#13;pro-rata, a total of 20,054,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock. Immediately after the Merger was consummated, and further&#13;to the Agreement, the majority shareholders and certain affiliates of the Company cancelled a total of 103,408,000 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s common stock held by them (the &amp;#147;Cancellation&amp;#148;). In consideration of the Cancellation of such common&#13;stock, the Company paid the Majority Shareholder in aggregate of $295,000 and 800,000 shares of common stock and released the other&#13;affiliates from certain liabilities. In addition, the Company has agreed to spin out to the Majority Shareholder all assets related&#13;to the Company&amp;#146;s real estate management business within 30 days after the closing. As a result of the Merger and the Cancellation,&#13;the MamaMancini&amp;#146;s Shareholders became the majority shareholders of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements presented&#13;for all periods through and including December 31, 2013 are those of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s. As a result of this Merger, the equity&#13;sections of MamaMancini&amp;#146;s for all prior periods presented reflect the recapitalization described above and are consistent&#13;with the December 31, 2013 balance sheet presented for the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since the transaction is considered a reverse&#13;acquisition and recapitalization, the presentation of pro-forma financial information was not required.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Note 10 - Income Tax Provision&#13;(Benefit)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The income tax provision (benefit) consists&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(945,289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(361,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,306,652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has U.S. federal net operating&#13;loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $4.6M and $1.6M at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, available to offset taxable&#13;income through 2033. If not used, these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there&#13;be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis&#13;of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers.&#13;The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $4.6M and $1.6M, as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively,&#13;available to offset future taxable income through 2033.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In assessing the realization of deferred&#13;tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not&#13;be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the&#13;periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled&#13;reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After&#13;consideration of all the information available, Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future&#13;realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31,&#13;2013 and 2012, the change in the valuation allowance was $1,306,652 and $599,149.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company evaluated the provisions&#13;of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&amp;#146;s financial statements.&#13;ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions that the&#13;Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not&#13;to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax&#13;return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &amp;#147;unrecognized benefits.&amp;#148;&#13;A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized&#13;tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&amp;#146;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position&#13;that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;If applicable, interest costs related&#13;to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &amp;#147;Other expenses &amp;#150; Interest&amp;#148;&#13;in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &amp;#147;General and administrative.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No interest or penalties on unpaid tax&#13;were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, no liability for&#13;unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized&#13;tax benefits in the next year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax assets&#13;(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Years Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,939,069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,939,069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,905,801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(599,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;33,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(33,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(33,268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax asset (liability)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The expected tax expense (benefit) based&#13;on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31, 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income tax, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax true-up&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;44.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;36.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;- % &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#



#$/75B:FI/S!UJ^ZS!X[Y&GE





M8TO/LPB'SO2?.Z8AA]
;OAHJH'&
HJ;Z0&\^C6TL_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&
M``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*
M86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ
0)X3



M(+'#K7FX:M3)Y05U?)%R/JS/GWXA6T+`FW!V.0S6!W/M@4/;2&PLWJ8LGK]
MZM\1R]\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0GKU0(;P0``#



MV`K18

?4^H
MM



PLZ/YP.&RO_2?DT\)L

V[LN24FA=OZ&5!;ZG3R7]HV^R
MP`:.*A


C/5F8$
@T4'US2A*.]8U`9

M20F5?VO-25=FJJG


M

SNK'2ORN;0*N5_1W

ML/U-$ZD+D3H:=&#IIXZ
;:D+]Z@[$E]RMQ6*D#L:'!41V;L30OPB!^#^I9&_

MX&
ZLW0ALIJ.E[MX$

MFIJSTT^Q0AT$.G:`[M&A\Q+J(
^QPW./SK36J(
XQP[.!PX2D'G409QC!^=#

MACJ(=.(@W:^##B7(-`V.6=ALSR&$.G&A[IY-H30T%MD8&4H:J`=-&NC%.N5Y
M2F_\]L.^


?CEW6=GAMGQ



MU_-#+JLS6.R*LF@_.E/;JO+EUV
MFVQ7PK[?F9_E5^_NXL:^*O)&*GEH%V#G
M$.CMGA


N]6(P]I^9
P(



M!O&8`0TM_`P:B@VTL5ZHZ$A:#P(F,O#(2:$-E4P+^`\&!4:6O09-!3K-1=Y
M^L(I22!I0\['A0GMGD)#P^-MTCON)Q3%1M1\`XTD%#66^*[10K;3[\/8B\:H
M:UC)9[!0;&`95922A+`/X(J
B




O






\YIQO^A
M[I=@BI.S=WMP95_1A#/!





M[MADVQWK9CT$H,$$AI/HL0Q`O/NP=&\]]5P6C.]T,PLN&%P08FX]F4V&:;



*@RV`-]#XT%JU



$
+^VIWM
MYIF[=IRQSF_5G--.*MT%&#




$%``&``@````A

MM1Y\_HY[S''7=R\BAJ]

M?F
:WRP_?UILI7K6%6
&@4.C
UP9T\[#4-.*:(#V;(&GA126+@4I6A;A4C



EY6!KJ=0D&VKGG^=L\T

M(\4?)XIW5LXDV9F
)NK[M

2*


V


M5NQCI5YD3G




MIFF':\=\@%6

1[J#%-Z4VBCM<FHK9S@`O^D.J86D<CYGBLJ6!,#?7,'192@&/6FP4MY`






M%7



M4
NB



(L5%
M'KC*QH9%`['H(


Q&*
M3P);IYQ0\S8ST+K#2
ND@`P&$H&(*`SI5D72:9'
B*@F^;-?JMH)D]@IR`^+
M
-*V\9@@9#2)B&%=?B`B;2^B;3$-I+KD38+D\KXMB&!KH;K5ML]80&B%S-WQ

M8O

M$D9:&Y5.ZV1&1/7)VPC)YYUUB\V'ZE=O@^`LAZ]1T:V3(%C
-2O)-)(JR*AR

M#.!GU&9ALVV3-FF:?EPCC$H6&
*






M1L%FY(W1*1$Y`
G5638&I1^+GY/F:IVJ]L?S(:3UV?@=S:

ME2C^D(BU5F3BM28^T+?7O9$W&[/QY-\N#A$U`=['*EXO:W&TH&O@F;**L0?9


MZ)`T04\ST171D$)C`Y


EQ5%)MT1D.%I*&J


'DY_21UMNVI$6


M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#C!E2FZ0(``


!1]G[3_8/F]?!.2**1J4G6;M$G3M(]G



M[*`&]TB5XO!)\NPK;QB$#64R!=@)\6R@7S(S!8O=B]5/70&^2Y2QG.PK_4



2XKAM


MB/`
F,QT0`S06RO(4;:@&2H[53)ZVF912F&`,[A
MS*.)1HN9'<L:!W$\!FR'@-#SHRCI`2.%<-:'J\K

UFP+:LJ
MA:C8FW880&7ZV;Y3/P3FY9S
;Z#=_W.[1]`!VU)P;X16?!&H8KE0.DY115

M?8]C8+E46UZ2F
R9
S/GD/'33C9HP[41JBUP%(08\9:I4K3+`O_Z.7\88F0L

<6`4-KEQ;V^6$&%9S24V@.M[FTII22T<


M

PB0.%MS8N74&+&U
ML4K^\:#H0.5)X@-)`NH/[^

M!V;G+(%\_NT
++F:9U?4EP+:P#0VDS0;CLD&(F0'S
LM)KY$3&\1R3N$@+Z3

)C`ZB8L'V67K%X]Y/


?=T25_HWHI6H
:7D'?
!C`\FF_

-'A\/

`4$L#!!0`

Y
M+GAM;)2978^;.!2&[U?:_XXGP3;F(]H,E4!=;?25EJM]N.:(21!#2$IM/^


MZ


MEO@&U,9UJ#W)AI*,1=]?QBNVA2LM%VC9O@&Q+Z)Y42(30B%#8B970+8Z@5

+4)/(Y$4;ZJ,`?A]J]`/Z@Y3RUV\@JEX6GAD

MDC8



TXE!^

)Y$C'1ES%D=`Y)%)))GIL`
MXR(DS5AHPD4^


;A=MU





M*C3ADL`B^^5W[-?:AVD($XC3
*+;W-P@I%#3G(X`?I%#`F*1_TXT78/(W4VF
M(4S@(82=)
J
M]Q`R6,6P_/=X)((OQNXR'2L\=R,<94S_'N'HJH8'^L$*X'W7C=<7ZM#E=ACV
M]#\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(08[U70``


U+GAM;(R676^;
!2&[R?M/R#?E\]`2!12-53=*FW2

P<E+@

M


5R+

HV+:O1F%^
M%\?Q8IQ5&._:XS*[(3/CVTPW1D1)4E+7TLKX3H]F'QJY?]J?&@^^'A23YQLX
M3;K9Z_0+,,U;7)+O6)2TD59-K!T[3GTFC#G@;E1O.UFZI8KF./=907'-H%!

X=O%YT_SO9!;
M53*F$3@T*L6EUNW
FZ@KA?_)!F1^]N<&%?\TP*)0KM@)UK02]C3MS$!:?%/.<0
M@4D[DJQ(\9T_6\787<R[_/SF;*]Z[TB58O]%\OP;;Q@D&\IDK`68FNDC[GY


S^``


MS(5W^@XM_@(``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-0A)R
;!```GP\``!D```!X

MIG!8-8]XT
.AR$A
LTM%ZE:8-*1


]_DZ*XZF%<H=`A&K_
F+(.
@HWE



M=J'Y_


'UCZHK
M%B








N$&^Q


RQ5.*2L@`/C6REQ
#1B1Y*/]


M&!.Y2=PKQP`IAL8#/88[''^_B%6

M]PI[D$A$
`'&1)5-KP0TV2BT4:'3D8@OAQB!IGI%$P=JCPVLPNY-;1;.MX
M2B$10@ACPFDR(5;)`CFV$#539+.*!5^RQ[X#O$L=0J.%8X;6($S3!6)#UZP
MY_F$6.5;*GRHP=CL!7SDYSM\/L$?S2KB*85$Y_T,G1#+=(X_S/OVY0]1,Q']
M;E81S2KB*87$Y\M\S[U_HI',Z7I*ED+43'&B(@CP!31LQX,Z8O@H$S*:-8RG
M%!*T*(24_6%^T1&-5&@EQA`U4]HP

MB2U$S13=K)Q2WIQ%56MU@16






MZOZU*HT7S#BA=6RZEF
:N$YI1NI];/[^]7@W-PTN4)VADM8X-M\P-^_7GS^M

MV14BM:D8ENP6#IKG)
4)30\5KH4B8;A$`O3S@C2\8ZO26^@JQ)X/S5U*JP8H




IRC0RE^TN-73/:%@&J'D)#

4CD92FD1ZXH-5?!7)/


DA/0MN@&X6Y

M=\3VI.9&B7
(=:P9[!VFAK^Z$;1I1]^.AC:[=\SF@8AHYC`3BG5'0W\GC1
MG_K6_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
JE@;7$`P``@X``!D```!X;]W

M2E75R[
#3H(6

+.9O?O.\

MCF=;O$I%EE?[M?WKY]V'N6U)Q:J
%:+B:_N)2_OCYOV[U4DT]_+`N;*`H9)K
VDLG`#SXO<DN6530S+YAH.
ML=OE*;\5Z;'DE2*2AA=
@7YYR&MY9BO3:^A*UMP?ZP^I*&N@V.9%KIY:4MLJ
;X_*+![A%A8



G2]$@2O;2#O7QP%H1YR3)C)$*
C













@XP215

C&]1.<D,8FX$H1C-X\33F<TKC$ZD8X06AVP`7CD7Q^.0
MDXPX)L827RNF7T:!<:YLU+`6IA'&*&%

MC`*ECB/;G(Z'C3ST!3\1P&Z6688YO%YA-XLP7'\U1-*-BLR4:,AJ&Y$?69K
MS'9X@ZN*6QG=RT[#AWTXO!VZH+N@ZV.&`6A6K3#WQ';D89;%2Y@JN=
X11A
MJHU1#X*VW4=\2P6T']W/$MI-#)]/SP&XH%3T#[)1&AK8U3\```#__P
`4$L#


M@`'#NF&7`;OM

C

M[UW%FRHD$4&P/I:;N.V%2B6;E8KT81C+RSPA




4WEO#USG:W
MVW3P!F3QS25\_TJK67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA_7Y*/8=





F@AT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]
M_;O')?!M@4=%^)!&1*);Y`@=\`AT



R




^46YS3IBI=B
M!F?'

M&J\U




F2Q=
M\Y8W'Q[](+06+D!]Z1G6

M*RNR+BG#Y\H`3#BY+#J0NB7Y/3+Q=8XX.7-#:\=C3I7]%GJY;7QP?'LK?;)
M_JK]&'B6C\32IL9^S?5D+O#:$;^C(2!?119=E:*;C5[J,=5,5V83&UE)=;@

M8QW7S68A@R&.TV'+W2U
B([]$WXH7O'UXW


M80ODHAV_)7]8N/T7AI-APB&@&`R&$^N^PD:XR9JK

M58+@W%Y-IU7S^WN3+8D=CLRDC8\373B(KZ^+S1IAGKH(PA7
C-/C93T#YHCQ
MMKM;UUY'



MQB70B-Q6&TXX]#




M6[K`\GP$R1[?W




M!%Z4ZH?@$M8O
Q[P?+`DJ
$%-*C+\
A$`*L+*0)P@@H$
!-.$4!XJD``L[84
M`01HC@#@E$1%DSSHD6H&
9K!/UMJ80:DUK)J6S1RJ+R_I+K#2Y\MN(9E)O


M!5
(7`\^8TY03W`=4A$&P*

JFID[HJ!JA))(*BJ
MD



XO


$.=;S2-'*6=

M$@2&I&H
N


=5&158BIQ9CD4D



M+S3RXHN
?AX(IWJ;`3&RQZ<OG;


/^#((A=MH

MAMS

+4SP0+


?JW@)J0@N
M*BOW(Q^K`\%8I;)R/_*QBB;7Q97[$:02O@SXHJZLW(]\G3`$ZP2U

MD/O]BLI'?%\PXF

B'


]AD1&/`
KN7.A:?(!O@

M!!E'O(0^?!0!]&=X8B\\#%@#7F*&^!C&$54=
5DN\/3@/9+JB(&]8S1\_.%B

MLOCC4ZHO2
PGO$]J)H
O$?'CS-*;NB;CST]P6]241)PSD=S!T;\(\+_N(D(C
M[D6$X&*GB)`')X*[6:=)S(E`6$(B`KA5029BKZ((ROB[%?J8+5SJ[L5H@47Y





9U=EPO^




M?%M.!J/)Z

M^?*B'
\[[YPL9S



;Q:3JX/7UY%
U64QGHRZ1
M/\RJFW(T+*H?4:'S[O



M-_?W]P
VVJ_!2\OKI0O+L+H8#;J\X6SP$++YR(QU#1

MF+:-55I+EJ

M*YJA3='O9M/YO+B932^Z@A7@Q^M9I;0_5G


7)DK\?-;+2'
MO9XL*I3=(L+4?AY`ZINL

M#[5?_GTUNKR2GU02_Y6756


39

M[XKCD[/7OWM]]OKE:3=@&/YQ.0_^^6**PSF8XAP1.




M`U-LVEXIA



*D<J(WCU&/DWQ8CG3;#B*


_P3^U+4;1[=N^IS



K'&QE(`S;FI#$TNX*%Y'YIOG^])[

YO!=YU



MW^%*UE&@^!!M
Z]41X
ML/
8`'
+A.;NWG!VS


2:CPR`/\M@?

L18N!IDBVY4'J&DJSH#




M


SJ4YCUG\P
MF@V6U[`06Y8EA9#5CS(WT
0&H(
M@0(7!$+K\0.01V!`AC(6:)^:Y-&*$R?M8G=M76@&![A(^4;X4WM*CZXJ;D
M8WQ&^#)

M%(FK#
FS`)38SF#U59$


M@.N
:_F30%
FSU5[&(]*O..EB3MO-G'#J^U0W/(:K-I6%?LF+C3(4\C1-)&9


MX97K]^IO5WP03_%/F8KVMCW%[\E3)O2XH^8-;X!?2J514IQJ#T177-M%2T

K&*GFNXU



M;FZ



-



@S7T<6<LGPY^*&DB0[]

+B'#SV
WN0


M!2&*


M%$4+EI*^-1)04$3&_0]VD+;N(\G-,E%,CCDP]'[FL:F9**YC+**9&]Q/%1$
M,

QKR5BBCF'WTT'NBAOI@*)A&G%\<U-92O@!K%9$*%F[25`9V=-
MK:=?,FS4/I6#*3]0$+QGJ[:C^7;QNVAW3\PILN9N;%MC\I=\M:.GAYL'NT]




D3JB+V#DM8=5:K^%ZM*H1)YTFPFM2$*S
MD_YPET=*(ZE#NI(P13?&CZ
2-J8S`IA6:-N5!&@C&BG4K0;^@QLE_3OJ?-`
M9$TXB_
Y:22#W



Q+
M+
3_/771=V1FW3V-*E*1&++3S7980L%9\JB(WJ9/OC;*IH]F?#)UT!?QE:
MK&2AW%-J&\'G!$:#@D2GM6(5ZZJK6U8[.%:Y+:0R;X95%EO%;LR[SJZ&=W@J

M)B4ZL





MQ&K[]?D0!1-;411HK$$:;DKSJ)B#B#%E1FP

MUG]8G_4(0_3
\E'!
;;4BC+$[?3ZN^EV\810!X52GEBV@_)+4KNV60J:6`

MX645TX?6W

M)L?V6UB


+L
MW)*_V;%B<1T;)HWDP#VZBX^IYZ*)F*^;HJIV;J5H&Y;&:\ADSQ(EV#F+6OM

ME922N/!AEB&T3R'`\











&WHHZC(5G
MP/[]W'LNAL&^4]3
%0JD:G/MOH&I7G'3`FL[]N\U+C8R#=+4_P6:K-8!3_UB



ML_H\*


=Z
JEF=H@FT1[S\$KU!I+D-Z+JWF@VW/X
NL-0Y<=[?'Q$M/T0]Q'YPBO2
M2M$ATG6.,!3SKO$!&=WF+X[_/)W9L?)X(5(XXD`?



3E/WHP=\55!X@4.G)


M(^
H3N:H



1?IAC

M^@]=6L(W?*:RHP-$95)]YA?./8D'Q4BIK0LA$!PNDNG*-W*@H\!B04H(FNV2

MRP](7HC97;2T(A&F\3L-/57'C;B7Z!P2S^FCU)P:I$0YX+/D-/HIT%P!MG`=



R(W*^_I




MIQ_3-6K?DRE-UZC=%_0\4;7ISHE?(4H/E-@&

APAQXE0
M

N+N0D=+%HZ0$??JHP+%

7OOJ6[`\(KF7
K=(9R+*OX/?-M#V2_

8\2#OD;I=&Y







M?IJ^#/JZ6*DP5RV3R8;E!=HD[TA\G.@N4YC5HMPO\PDN6YC(TCR3YTOR41[
MOF`?VC^O/O!PL+US\#-+3Z#A`\1G=Y.#C]3U0]W]/@'V^+LK#49F\1)L\&Y
M=*R316ZCX
[!/Z$]\JGBU9^P[AL2]'S%QDLS)^-R1`E+ZD&%[OF\MT/:7&'=
MI6O)

MG034''A-'DI*0G/[H=*FR'R\[7L;&Q$WH#1*=OOX:$))014[M7JG@-]K
R1`
MZ+&C)J*^''7TAZ4T.6D
2<@+7V?B!UK+U:.2+NN6]-SH/.N/+Q6.G:M/@A&T+8P6K7

MM88OL4I:4&7?E96]-

-'_3)O_BAOK_LJWZV-A)$
XG%K`_?+$V%Q`EDO%



5CT

MU%-LM4:

I
-R&C
M113ZX?WJ7F10N9RD+-O5B
L;)2@8XTW_)-!ZB;S%*YJ55(WW;EH1(CW9\``9


MIDM_`=+QS1S
DSEOL`@3.J^)F854:43':KC.RG?((%1M&`#J(%-^U#[@U%#J
M@@UL`GF=C9NJ\_O=Y)%@




6'K%`8S
$QPE0C?LB4'2W^6CPV5$\A_D]PT
P=J#6L



T88

+-8&Q;U


VXR%)Y;*!NA._#2]\DC9?6
M`_5!`5I-^VH\MK9T'=(TDH:NO4K#
@:IYSBV06]*E.2*:*G2(-SWF)T?&35
M]WJB#?_^:BV;'#`M9




-*0+#_G\J-_D%8YZQW&
M1[6`),UD.^IRO294+V0'2C7XOT67TPFLPPAM8IU!(33*C4I#+4


M/?GZ$N2]_.;0?A]!


M_BU=K3;


P9D


BXQZ_B%P3
D89J1











MAN8I^=;+?2G:C9L06`P0Q@\,+O#))
4IM:)JM.3%C:;V\?[
Z[&Z?(O%J.

J#5\UM9*]VE]2JI]

G7B\3@I-`AX


M)*%HEY?7P)`KD1
N
;+5_%2ABE(@1I49L@8ENI14*TJ%&B#QNI9%.$IQW5JX

/D4%KGG?[C4]?FMZ
M=5WTG_$)0C@P#&&DU(P(#5(NV


M;RW6/1#[MBSX

3K&]JFPJ/!Z\!4

'@V(K<=I!C!]$<5],P@.SR-]'J#/#K_;

4Y#9+M$]+E!`2R\!8
M!_=G+%CV'7J


MW8/CF2T&)YX
CJ





M\;0*7OU[6PO[RK;0EX/^KR__;;A:%OJZ33.C?MZ


_%$U


M+%2THGYD\-@HDXF_HIQ)6$(VI'N;[EZ:@LXERM
;$X_/HLUA&*S5W0PXYU!F


M(H
R@A;8.L#E]5ZA!X_$6E.28JI9J/#MJX:2JT6Y.A%

MCOL;^O?*H67Y.RP&B.!!E.







ML:
[./==\SV!]?!H'F/8[(.M
M.#IS=6N





^@SM0O[;B[0
M=)]5!1OY]0X:





7`_-AVO@OI1\*T+GBKS




XM]_U@W5AA

MW\KN)'&U(6[RYFS4&?ZQ+Q
M<+UY[I+:5@F+T/V1Q8.8%N06F&1'(+,@=I=K%TZ1Z@647^ZE8BZ!J9@*)GE*
MXI4T2P$5P?!J]&=%LB(AY<[T&8YF[\M8;]ZI[B:MEJ<X`E&M?)F9PU]OMPB

*MN
!2&4

M%@=N+LF-J+:`\'WEG)98L9_7Z


&]&_J
M#VV8
W2A-MGB4P9:T4GJNSMS3+/+*!?-1)Q%=(*3
'NP

M*W:%Q*34=



M(!?`HVAY-;K]&8#SCM]@UJ

M1J!T]*Y05FHR1;+H$W=

MC7(V#WO-SL&X`?-B.;0#B38)


6A&R2_()!\^RHR^
J[[)2

ML*\VITZ6NSC6U49CB*7(89P2$TH

\DHU+/

0V6:[76HFC

4
[E6ZP-B]P\AC`NAW/.YIBD




M3!U-Q
!J#Q%5(]$LL5A]Z`QM%AYZ:


!XH+$7

M'L
DH_YI&7X43XS9

1
3Y[^5DBQV$&-#AD/%?6C!O`


MO5A^W
LPY)OEAVQNA#%X/D'9Z[3(1T$:=9*&HJYIJ@ODPH`*X_K'&G5NIU


M#)NH@FPL_;GHLZ'IVKWW(D?WV#U1R8O/^Z@5VLR_;-@GS*JX=WC(5+[`$6#E
MS
.0*VFVJO21=K@$@F_-]2R07$9
1


%


M12&

$8\T#LY
M0N;7.ZI!D`MRSHYSVR`UR/0F=G$9HBP%.$YEXK#Y5-P@B#V66UA/S@UR$+7
M%@X6^PH^W40VOQG/6]J0^WAM!=O:



M__S]])#X7MOE]3K?RUHL_`_1^M^6O_XR/\KFI=T)T7E0H6X7_J[K#K
@:(N=
MJ/)V(@^BAC



M*[B_!
2V
`UORXC


2#]9;



M[
2
O







U9%
(L.U&YLA#*.$V
P++]@YUF
M^G?C#*NK')E.FF3P&J\8?!




#U]D:7X7+9_E\L5]_;;9W:5WDE1IOEM)^N*)DOD





6

M]VCE8

MM(:^(X

M

Y_G;D.E)E1
MPA



+[8A^!&`G%2




[66R[C[#


M:&5E='



MJLO/;TH.8O39$B4[?.8T_TH;`LF&



F/==XIF+3*U0I`&]@A


KF=3X@1!

M:\)W9$.J2E@9VZMQY
-7=W@Z3


+LZCZ6\%.%P.'KVB`N&)/]C3K:#_V/G_5?


MVB@;(FA%%/C+DK7RG%9G4^)J(AX/[4W&ZQ8B=JQBZL6$8E1GRR_[A@NRJZ#N

MATK]X

M7)4I#F


M4
WO/WACF?F(VB4QI@8C-EU-PT.U;E+
2&XL8]5N_
2+%M[`?MM#QN3BOIS^
M3(3PSA@?.[UH*#D;]
\R5C(


O&
B-N%ICBEOR/FX:';MU'S?;-
N\\
MVB!P

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`C



[












M0L*#Q!02/B1FD)A#(H!$R`DK=Z3981\Y#RP0L+P&NF42$216$I&W0FU'7(E(
MUJ2SVANLR6C5FLJ


/H7`-&KV]T%6`ZW`AX4%B
M@D?$C-(S$10*$Q`(22TA$D%A!(JXB)&/2Z?$-QF2T:DQE



L6(+]5CY6M:N9X9%IE+
M(D:'#2M9)
`B(486&%EB)

M8&2)D0@C*XS$E8AL5

L&(6X*87:7!7@FD
18B#E:98,0](^SA'V5A[9T+O[T!-L6(?T;R*EK*3;;9
MN?C;2N88<Y(:27AN?C;2A8866(DPL@*(W$E(ON37?&_P9_\!@'+V9=[FI;2

MQ5)([B9VB5SM)OSP#'LRE;I)G@W5VX8%5#$HQQAQ
#+!B(L1#R-3C/@%PN\H
MEUZ_J;HID3_G

?5!!@)




M]!Y60@\
=EH$OZ;I2?Q@%9S?['K\!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$``/MQ


2YX;6R45MMNFT`0
M?:_4?T#['BZ^X(N
HZ11VDBM5%6]/*]A

MS)D9=EC=OA:Y\R*TD:J

MZ\^?5GNEGTTFA'6`H301RZRMEIYGXDP4W+BJ$B4\294NN(5+O?5
I05/ZD5%






S
M4B8

M![C/=-(]K.#UJGX



M
BYX;6R4EMN.FS`0AN\K]1V0[Y=3`B11R&J3U;8KM5)5]7#M@`G6`D:VL]E]
M^\[@A






*;9P;L;G-G7
Q^\SXIM10
M[0@PKAF^?LC4QDD%&S<

!JAR@4E.=U$2?1W'N%G&9[







:5J8&6C1=FU@+32TGNZTA\-!GNG[X*X
M$$(?!K@S]]\NBS\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0+?:GJ`P
``/
(```9

!2&[R?M/R#?EV]H


Y.VEC(B_%PG`

5G`7TMC(70'OPYH^=9:=$\(:





M+$UNDI!\_/ZKRB[C;#Z]YIGSPBJ1\F+KDLG4=5@1\R0MCEOWYX^G#Q]=1TA:

ME7!9'3U15HPF]4UYYOG3Z=++:5JX2F%=C='@AT
:LXC'YYP54HE4+*
2_(M3

M(`V8C77R%C$10QE@


MXX8(%`&O'4%

M)*(^

'N0*2_9?K64@]O


M\W8HUP%44VV8P54S*KV387J]G**E@T*&.&@EN?%LH[(:B-TIA05ML
2'\S

MG0S5F25GU9&%+
N$$_

M3E8P3RIUC%07DI?UB6C/)1S_ZH\G^(^`P6ED.@'XP+EL+_#0VOWKL/L-``#_
M_P


T+GAM;(R66V^;






.U$\2RF]_YB
Z/N:MGFYX_@






M@&_WMKLU[@

Y:+6I.096'K.%/I-V?O`/AC9
MM#-U*PW

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


CZ6N1O3TQ3


MDW$H#A
/
.E(W-\0%]J`Y'9M%IQA
-Z'$L[/GEUP#I-VY9Q'LPCZ;*1MB(CG
M


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`J





2
M`LF`Y$`*(60RB4L+4JXNUOKY=I7UCQV32AV&]8:2`(D!9(!R8$40$H@E4M8



$48HH


MT:P\C9Q;7R-*$*6(
D0YH@)1B:ABB

X-
6M=Q&(V4HGJN=_-(W@([*QL
MLA*EJ_DXIX@R1#FB`E&)J&*(IT')H!O2H%432X
14L[&[@%*$*6(
D0YH@)1
MB:ABB

X-

\?5'+#


!DHBH.-`
M?4A(`4OI;U$?Y!I18I#OMR>+H1

M-YL@2@V*^@+
TI'5`JT5?%K'AZE&!STS-0+VX:M+YC:=#()_G4I2&`+!@C


/
M.P]3B^QHAYX8[
Q:](UR1`6BTB+C.EP$(OV5M1BHH]OTK(]ZUB*WCOQ(W
':

M`6KERBI

MBJ6S8GYX[@9E

MTY`$4OO5YCP.0Z%`
O2=(RHLNMA=*;J;T5(AUHK*.FKG#D^W$L:72M7F^X.]








M
X\8[A#[L3SVL`V=4C3(51T6:64P6X1Q*!Y

G24(RJLH[Z[TB+M.PJ4'A1%


AT[/&^P_JW3BLO
M6*K7FTB.P)60KK0_@X(K$5UI`X4K,5UI]1=<F=&5V6`_<[K2EJ]L0TT&6U#


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

MBK




]RL


A9O[(45/F5C1)/OR8
_=N_$7FAC;UF:-
M-A:WV@+,0N$6\\$O@D$X0FB$P0FR#1P)ADZ;2AR?(SM!%NA#8JJK4FEB&
M$,I-?%
X)L@
$%H@L@$L0D2#3`A:


)
M@(1`(B`QD$0G35:MYE*_=N@6E:$=2.&F(MB4
KE2;/G?1IC-2S3P@/I``
M2`@D`A(#2738J?=Z(;8A36/71)'[NQB?=P`\8#X0`(@(9`(2`PDT0D+E/;/

MNPIK`\0#X@


MA%%B&)$4

*
M$(6((D0QHH0AKH\HK'1]?I`3L@YC


;?&E
M;Q*`/`N0CRA`%**$,6($H9XS*)DTF,6\)T(4Z];MXG9/7%]&@+
EH!M;28


\Y
*

P'Z1%%EX;B/,RQ[+G#TS&^6C7?/#
MA++-PK+94E[&Y4^%^?OJ4033

MJ







MFO^`N)^`;2`!)1D%?]L[TF@UNWM-P$E0`T;8Z73_^SWEJK)]ZK5)+/5-TWE\


M)[KRDE^.FY+^O+Q.BO

M
3N5

M_'K*+YOG`XW[AS7;;'7LZ@\(?]QO+WF1OY0W%&XB;Q3'O)PL)Q3I\7ZWIQ$(



MQ$`2(&F;
-EH
?P5LHDP-($I32T)3C]IY%S3K3:I=0/B`PF`A$`B(#&0!$C:


N=Z*#2;U5V*B\A#Y,*$(6((D0QH@11RA7

MYL:ZH:SL9F'U$/D:V57;/+
6SI+'1H+?0.A1DWH%&LD0YMWQH5G306.G2J
M416:RRFZOVMR_I.?^^2D




M5K(:(JLP-WHDB6;-PN!:@#Q$/J(`48@H0A0C2AE#'$91$L]H+ID!\ZJ2S7E
MM([7T\:9&B7OTBHH]&N)Y2'R$06(0D01HAA1@BAEBLCVNL!RLANGFC&O1V
M@0#R+$`^H@!1BA%-*$*4



N=31Z'VH+(0^0CA%
MB)$


MLF/B]6Q%;]AT\/F*WC7IX(L5O8C1P4FG3IE(I2Z1Z!?/E?A-$R/1#Y8K\9
D


34N



M?]EL7LXDPK?G]^=?7EZ^SR\NGN^_;![OGM]LOV^^R99/VZ?'NQ?YWZ?/%\_?



KK=[SN1G_4ATGFH*+^I
._/








MVITD=F2E9Z%61*4GM2@@A:2(%)
24DK*2#FI()6DBK0DU:05J2&UI+5#;L;4



MRO2P@?KT[T20U)$BDD)*25EI)Q4D$I215J2:M**U)!:TMHA-XEJ;GY$KNI


M^@D9ZV;T3L8ZNK+7(

M.+ZGTHYB@
MKVBNQ)`4D6)20DI)&2DG%:225)&6I)JT(C6DEK1VR$WB:4LJ8RZI:+(NJ`4I






]:M.`2G4=#W=5XQ(
2LF
MI)05
U+N5'1/SVG+!Q
N'VBZDJZ[;Q)C_\E!4['_+41`DF12]C[WWX\8TW
M7HM9









MTY'-EQ
G]=-`];6R.XS`[4]7M)LO*-2QY!MU
WZ+3'C[EC70*2-6PEBIH5=:





6@DIU31]Y51W
M!S5[.WRJ[4-V6[6:R1RZ$Q[754_U+

2D@I*2/E

MF70'I)`4D6)20DI)&2DG%:225&F2AT;



HTP
M


MK4E_UJ%)W(JU&D






*5Z


M=@)22(HT'6XH

M5-
KSUB;4L


G35_1;@YNKJRGM8(39%=EWB[L?(2DU]$HGW'T:Z835H\.C-][U
MEILH`]VO/T4Z/*F57_#@3';D];.XH^F*=HL$A29\7RK2I&X@^T0-]+.(E3!6
M:NB51JD_T,$]YB;6[E=QJGZE(
7_U%WM%T4]]K7Y+59_XZF2]EMEA22(DVO


`/MVI^7

-G&X$2!DHU



?VI]USX

K-A0'RLQY
;RAM=I7\K$R@SUL7)#;BQO
M`%GTI4RLTE`?JS+DQ/+_S=!E7\K$J@WUL5:&G%@S;PF\Z4N96*VA72RW04BL
M4ZY75=P;;7?D-@C_\?6%VMPU&W-0@:'^`X:&KJU+&!5C4ZJOF!CJ*Z:DS%!?
M


MULK0P4-L=*F?'F)KPNP.T6TY_F+-*RV'*S$W'5FSU`4I((6DB!23$E)*RD@Y

M?=XL-E^_/I_=;__\)CWJ6_7-Q)[/GC:?WI_?SJ[GZODWR0*VW



M$/MY*UMV`T-_RUC.M2QB#T23*H

M.=-=U^


MK61Q














MCHQ

M/%\F
)]];@Y'O34NY[/-U\.QW?W/&B7.E762.B?XZ9RD^5F2G1?&QRO]EJX?

B!\S%



!F2


YI850_J*U#F5CTBO.@N*/54%U&BI$62$9N9.G]D5L1P]K<!W;6)1E`ZH8


;NM-
%='\!M8I$70
6H9J08:8%DF$9@O#!-\;'?/J'VQE%P?5H4

%,MD$S*J)*7U!NUMQHF:N]DS5O+$T(U(\5(R3#-$KD
MA=GMW




.
2&V1F=7^
MC8!96%

=Y*(IBRB#GDUK!C5
MC!0C+9`
TTC8^T??IX8_4$#_:*$)TBS(PJ4DI%BI`62D4]2RI25TB%18%9*
MME*,M$`RS)A2)MDI9Y^4Q=(AY.!7/SQLCE;CJD'ZJ=A*R33
L+V_GEC95#
M&U+&REQ^X20AI-A*R3#-!KDA7FZ6*96S40*@\#YQ0^/GJZC-\UJ1HJ1%DAD
M96[$^5F]O@)VUE(L'?)BJAC5C!0C+9`,,R*6)VW0ERR7#LF)7X8GT]%JF/B,
M%
MD$QJDEPN62X=$K5GN60KQ4@+)
.
R.4O:G]\W&Z^W+:0-)0Y
I66N*5N

MD`C3//X)1^



M$`R3*


MI!AI@612DW33W/P.!
DAO_:


LQ)DIJSI#H4%#@\@(U68X%9



MJ'UX2!VMQMJSHK*5%D@F-4E1U94AT3M65'92C'2`LDP)REJP8KJDSP17A(
M':W&`K.BLI462$8^25$+5E2'1(%94=E*
=(R3`CBEIV]U6G+BPLJ.;AA[V/
MX9U1+\(SZF@UUG[HV/%5EH@F=0D02U84!T2M;=6'JK92C'2`LDP/TY0Q94
MAX*9'QY21ZN^U#4CQ4@+)-.:)*@%ZI#7JDK1C4CQ4@+)

MU:&@]N$A=;0::L](


%,MD`SS
MHP35O!41K)H.!;4/U_O1:JP]RI;F:_?W2D!'6U2]FMV^T7TKMD_-%7S]'28


M&?K@47:L!7WP


$%``&``@````A
M`.JD.Q+4`@``
ZU0M)N]$7

M/'--;C;OWZT/4CWHBG/C`4.K4U(9TR64ZJSB#=.^['@+7PJI&F;@5954=XJS
MWYJ:AK.9@O:,-$2QYH*1RR*$3&[V2V;WAK'(GB-3.0OZY$IX]L33:%KF'J

#'76)




MKXUL?CN4M32PA#T+W'N6:.'/E[-H`@EU&5F#=\RPS5K)@P==`Y*Z8]B#00+$


U\V


P'C.OQ_9@5M\_RY/VGM=-49W7.IE
=2T_9]6N
M.!_6^A\_@F]/NM:TZ7F7GJISOM:_\D;_OOGYI]5'5;\VQSQO-?!P;M;ZL6TO


LSI=&Z4:7'6F8=E?8^/




.:L
XT1%XJ:I7

MV-

'6LQ_H`$
H8-($V=

ML]8A;DB;!B;$^X8LR

MD1`6)


M220




7(P\CGZ/YB'JL.\%WR%M=NXLPBCEBOF]*

MA!A%W

M&U:@L2G
&LZF+`E-QW:4:`/L.\0HNJN[N+?JNR

6R*YEK6E-2/2=G;=

/(Q^C`*
0HPBC&*-$0K(6M(84M?B798N5G%+

4HD)
M`Z\X'9&!EJB2#6+EVU:9+$/(P\C$*
`HQBC*,4HD),=,JTDQ
M9EK$F'


M#B\7.
'RZ



MOW@Z?'IW^:&Y[IO5_/+J_=M!H?^]/WQ_SOY]\?SE^%T_W7_\C_O'`^1&0[DF




M6X*N!*H$N@2F!+8$?0:N(

MN@2F!+8$?0:$$+B$_XY.X@XSC`=9)UG*S&]#Z%
6@M0_9CR*@.D8Z((J*)


MFH@A8HGT.1&)8O9D*B+EHEZ@D3S1MX45_(8-#8RD8Z((J*)&*62)\3D;MS

NH%DCD[FW1^SVZ\J\)$%ION)J#BNMX6

=*


=(\5(
S*

N??R7K`AU#+J


X9^

+*


[F

%/-R#RC'J!9

'

+*

4(\W(
+*




MW


M

A(HXD=3T8\6(.HY2C#0CP\@RZ@62
DPS
MHFA@DB&XSFQ%(D1EO:%EU#%2C#0CP\@RZ@62.3LWF(_Z)ZYZ;QYSV['TR/W)
MFK[\\B%%Q79N&76
%/-R#RC'J!I`S3C.B2C6A`4#HFN&?4
NH8*4::D6%D
M&?4R9Q+(WJBZ=EQ+@.235^8OGT]*JU6RI,J3=^)DV)'MPQ(GE1Y3UR/2FLF
M\J1*:W3BI-@+3T2O8-0RU$=(\5(
S*


[$P8$%UZ


X1`N!\&`BJN^O&M
M46/3

M^KW0FAU@0
557]XUIJC4]
$ZIHNBXRC%2#


^H9=0Q4HPT(\/(


(\NH%TC*

T!;M@!!B2:WD=EJ.6H
MCI%BI!D91I91+Y#

S*I
M8JY


M@9?383??SE?KXN`J'BD=7#


+XNEPDW1R/M0+[NE;AEUC!0CS<@P



5*


MTHP
(\NH%TCJ
\T:[M@:!I0/!XQ:1ATCQ4@S
HPLHUX@F7-I#7]ZDMBQ:PQ(

M:4:&D674R1S+EWC,!LAOUV3_0-I`[C]R^/-D`4[8ABBW[W$6E=8KQ?DU

MG.(T1]/

5'U@Q%
_=;
Y_2A2U$

-TN6'^T'SU`2JPI59C^:BH?=R?-3/'7!5
;6L
.Y[+(_'EN'


=[PV'+6

K8(CA
M'3#$\!(88G@+##&\!H88W@.3LR)]-UCG[7/J0O&#NTS?
_&-QKQ)MYKA30=Q

M$&GI(7:(
2SK$

M8]\P:RL


G@2*!-?Z9U(7[G_P*#6\4R^L5&95W
MJ6X\/


MO%Z17.U^V`UWY^]VH2MD&66WJD539@60V*68UC,%EZ)ILPL.70A
OYEIY5
M199YO2)+9W_R:W*XD?LK6Z\V82]DF;1W66Y_X-2T\[3Z$9/V87`@6=*AJFC:
MP/SSSLUVM9R73^@BZ[QBD;6S.)1U]DN%\Q[`;\)^QS+58)_2^6*$(H;&)(8N
M2PQI$

(10PC%#&
4
0P0N6LD



M/4





M8N@KQ)`^
:1/#.D30_K$D#XQI)^S(GWGGJ:D[]V63-\SUR.S08'6
]PF


%\I570(8DB?&-(G

(<Z
;Q$

M4H*OY]V95\]ABUKX
6*EUA;IXO=YE9(=DL6OV&HE:&;\?JM6@D;&KYQJ)6AB




)Z]]ME0&<^?UTJ@
I[_YA+LG';=
XNY@J_
/R^L
/W*@;3BHU;M$
MU19$`]9RP_M1K]T;4M9H\2]P)1+L%TAE*I].G8:A%*U$FSDASJU
\




M/WZ5]^/3[\.MRWO_U\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`CG+F7+D%``7








Y67Z-W7^8A*_*

6P1
M`Y[7B3B+)P!DGP4\A\[K#3

\R#[(/\9A$LGH$G.L-3=&;F4AT-7)-^



3K)6(N:8VD5L=D[L:6^\=(0


M(TY@L]LH4O*P+98GSV&2/)
G'R*RN29O\G\R$B$RSH^D%\\2R2R1J@A)`9C(

MBC2BY!`B1S;9Q:IH'@:8G(`S.I8AA)@


MR'Y



HD&0^

(\B?ZB!I`8
MIT`6
19!%$@RCZ1*1*X%[JR6ZX`^3-:!O`U#-O5S)


ML1(3&\V042HQB\3S41*!#VMP-EX],1-U8RDA/4E,]G3\NNF=1$0BOE2R'
M-$=2,S,]$RPU.65BB2%%ETB-*SA?X$L99!*C&.;



``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



M82V7U`1JX#V\J966U
)2-\0




@H8((X=22F.C``9R2%FPPH#V
U[VH;%O@9!JD


M+7.M]@B&!O8T`W4C&&5`=IDE4)^_9P8IN9@G%S2&@MI`-W9E%$YRLH
2LJ-F
M?JN)KQ6+6T7R*B'@[VP24O]_DRX(DL'HPF1Z;6'N-9

M^'8!G;C`P#Y[F\ZN-YY[R6RL;IJXXUH`\^X8E]XGK^:]-3_0OM\#;?A7JAO1
M&]3Q&C8.@QE

M``#__P

*!!E-])&6JWV
M\LQ@/$:QC05

M@H[''&_B#51Z?-B5

M[H_R7(#;




*P@A%;


L
U!=Q`QE@AH`Z0?
M#9Q3$
:`
LX;J
740.'&_=AQ!:(F[!Q4*HJ9PZG].72$P.NO)USA+5Q:S+B$

ML


M[::4:J0;PVX:+*:$+#\6SO)4D#*1,SEA#%R3D(X)8N299S=571/\$WM1$9
M1Z
P].70]Y32F#%OM5ZY$V1TJD9GF0-)3$B.YMVQ3#A]ET'8*
AKF@+NH(


M.V\$/'L8&CU%^ZDH49@!Y
YA]'S$B&P3V2C260GA]%B4+&N%W55\*P]-K+
J
M
2*T
E1BW`F)PE.1?3-


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0![2%
LK@
`



TC1/:IRMO+?F?)OUY\_
M+0]OJ@=8]H#A%RM_)W6Q2((5+QC&54C4;`<?MD(F5$-CW(;J$(RFIA#61J$


1M/K\82`N_?
$0!9?A1-$9FN2&;M?8
M.@T(#0/3#(WDPQF.W0?\\9S)HJYW:8'*'?L:G2CYS(UZOM3H[(8J+7:@FQ-S
M?0DN.KNXI04FIT%ATM\S%./&?3E/`9W=4*6E2V'NXF)#IF1T_6%#\)P;HK0T


FM^P+2U/EQ6*/^V\(&V1MK7?S

V9Z%A
M6S9?=_#OB

MJ`U6I0(``.

S+GAM;)2576^;
M
!2&[R?M/UB^+P8)(UJB95MTJK-$W[N':
58Q1K;3M/]^QS@?$+:NRT6

M)5NPV(A:V-?.%/)Y@_;1FFZJ2'OERBA[.C=+4;V4CMCIM`';$@XYSOB;7
M!)R6BT)`!J[L2/,RQ[?1?)UALEQT]?DI^-[TKI&IU/Z3%L47T7`H-K3)-6C


]00G;0K


?@?6++IL.-5UXR]56=
MN

M.?$EV3ES7SNO\631+$WB$5I?
07V$9H_I_QCW-(M?Z1Z*QJ#:EYB\-@LEI

`4$L#

MP+Q]^RVW[;;+_PZ!S#P73W9^755N5Y?MO]U]N/GSQ_:Y]VV]/VQV+[?]9##J

MO3[V*

M^SQ



(.TN8W5[IEN@/Y_


M.`OG4L2@C$$5@SH&(@8R!BH`+!$TY']'(G08FK2(LE'(][SN;6A`=%6TH2;
M+%J3-CM`2B`5D!J(`*!J)P)-'L]CN2I,/08*1FV@3@4#)&V:DLM29MEH4
^[(7G:SB0+(`60$D@%I`8B@$@@*B2LH[2`




#Q!%F7T8((I

ML9AC

AGE*MWBY(J1%[

MHG*.;[7(4ZK%W@4I-=J0I=2@

M7C%'GBPM_RZH&:






#H4&;83U+LYH`
M5*!5B:A5,2B0BQ1#O<RRN=4U

MT:I5
2B0BQ1!/D1:Q%Y2%U;QA61@4]&:A=26OE`)1B:A5,2B0BQ1#O

MI!CB&8H5\CN3!4KAUK:0%0@*A5BI$-2*!2)2#/$^=\G:CU4%RMG4JE*:


7STT:'1PEOY1]\Z.E2B586H1B00242*


M#N8RU*@.T2KLQU(:'\PY*W]05EB4DYII'?$TR5G9L[KK['H4OV&H
'B-2+A(
M)]N3SNK$\1V+S9.L=28
W&!:.[/@C%QEH]4@DI6^X``5&:#2HOU`UK5B`0B
MB;$4L^*YTHUS


*ZO#L:.RC!7MW_1DDW17EHWD

MK


M\33$XO^=-*#*SPT*.KA`5`J+6)]AE@U.@I$$F,I9L7[WGI`V5PUO=6^CPT




H

MSS3)\@52(JH0U8@$(HE(

1/$[-HGUIZ


:#VV+PJK(\UAE.4=?`@6BTB+:L.H\



VTOT:RFOR\?U
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Y+GAM;*R=6W/<N':%WU.5

MXC






MOKF^^?B^5^A_'PX_7I+_??7R]?BC?G[X]!\/3P?(C0ME+\$OQ^.O-K3]9!$J



M

!K4&C0:M
M!ET;B#+H,WT[]'&-F.U5GM`HAB3940(2)4*36H-#`:U!HT&K0:=`D00N`6
M_CLZB6VF'P^&3E(LYC+SG8_!K3`$J7ZT'T(&=8A41`R1FDA#I72I42(A'J


M$3%$:B(-D99(EQ*1N_6_?\.$:INA86MA@$7='(8&$(&E8A41`R1FDA#I72


MJ&14
3*
:D8-HY91)Y#
V;JI-&?[^/'&;N&



HQJ1@VC
MEE$GD
ZL;;K^(HPZAFU#!J&74217&.=8I.U:/TL&$4<FH8F08
MU8P:1BVC3B9L_6!Z6!RYLH[VY@.&%.'EM5-\D^1L5+/U0
J.(HPZAFU#!J




(6/?!R9.J\HQI+!/J9]0B^2^XK)*%LRJA@91C6CAE'+J!-(Z#/[FWQG


NH$DBJ

&H9=0+)





\$O6O]13+F5HTKF)$Z#.&VZD9-;&B:WJZ

(UBRQ(LI2?8A*K[U


.H&D#-:XCIC)
MG







7CS%I)




.H&D#-I[OG'(
M6`ZF-!5#K6[L?-3)(2/&1

51AE'-J&'4
NH$DH)IXWKF7F%WNO0F
M4PX92JI]C`HYEXPJ1H91S:AAU#+J!)(R6.-WN=E:.I^8/K-XE+H
1B6CBI%A
M5#-J&+6

*H9-8Q:

MPG4N&56





M;:?OCK'OS29*U)V/.KGB$&-B_W2-IRL.'&48U8P:1BVC3B#9_ZSCO=Q9KYQ!
M3IVU1^+O&O3Z9@R**GBO'5]2J#C*
*H9-8Q:1IU`4H5Q7GO%7MNC=


&D8M

@F6CI&AE'-J&'4


MBB6CBI%A5#-J&+6
.H&D/N-


0
?E,+V`#N7'(;G@S
MK#-/)WJ=V4?9K8Z3J+@B*,\OM7.XB\Z<$[NYC4/899TL'U`_7J9/%IJI'`T


D
KQ=V
+@GIV[44)5<:
4T9=+4:QV(T3IP]7HX9GH%H'E1
D
J9?
NMC^




MX9$)7X5!/AB]4#$P?!:&&+X+0PP?AB&&+\
0PZ=AB.';



M5*TSDY3?\ELJXN;I9%USWW]Y%R-%PI`^Q2%]8DB?&-(GAO2)(7UB2#]E*OWT



M^@WCN_
^\O(ZEKA-7$MBZ+'$D!8Q7#MBN)V)X78FAMN9&&[GEE9K-O1LKSI
ME:W+O!0'W!
/JU
::W#5TT$A%A#U3`=0QB$(L8Q(&L8A!+&(0*V52K'X;

&](DA?6)(GQC2)X;T4Z;2MQ8K3;\W$F_Z,J[?[UHJXQV<G'+Y[AG@H`0



(LYKRI$G]9_^


MU.;






MWOQQ[#R8G0:W




M#/*3_A3]+3_E3S&Z9




MR(__+P````#__P

]US


B)S8]50[/-RO!R3I;N;ASWU0(9]
MP:J


M@W;6C



N$]7VL9
MFA%M)LVXR*85::

MH:@O2JU(&R4@*9`


M^-.G%3)J9`42`8D!U(`$4!*E[^TX[TB;Y+:=YW1:COIEL;(`F0%$@&)`=2


M*\-B0BL9BTE'9CA]E]*\[XJ$M.PXRX(W1ALMI*KKIK[H4`OFWI:4*J$IC6=K
M.UQXFU(&MG


!AD<?B)
*A:DH5!(S?J


NT%//8

M(`)IQ5O=%.*;9.M^!NCZ.:@4HPM2K54/&]JC2:S&93KQ+-T%*.J#6K'%A
MD#(^72Z#V!NPDAGBX9,E*(2/KHMT_64JC.N+,7E3Y8=2(;ZJ!7D5U)L55
H

)AD$6QFS8?A$'7T+8`6`<*J=OK


'RX
4]PH8A6*[NVY0`FB%%&&*$=4(!*(2H9X:GVNT@^QTM=H
M0?UT9IA_*Z2E*.U-=9(@2C5B.X/RZCFJ%@@$FBK9%(\#'[Q_\'08Y4?*N2T

H091JQ/H
MG)4+!`)M%4R*=;GJ+.D=^X&KEJ_&RM\%AC$
\*[8M\8*3OS
XYF9+1[6S@K_9TY*$1;[



J$`E$
M)4

D0YH@*10%0RQ/O\45E_W0:
57VDD;TA

5EDV5_P+H^O.






MV7P7$H^\Q2)#G1Q1@4APR_06R7SB_N?Y*9D%'C!9



XW*WETZ'H2





MOAI?I?1U-#ZA;[97HO
)?4E
.ET=IZ]\2:=Y




$%``&``@````A`(&[)G*Q`@``Y`8``!D```!X


^U$:K)

_S*#;Y??OZT.C];K.+0*&QF2X
MLK:=$V)8Q24U@6IY`U\*I26UL-0E

D6*+:B%O:U(\5(LOECV2A-

2O_XCQ1_':B
M\7DBYWX

M%7A



@!0?:CRF_
ML*KMCOI661@OW6
%?Q
.QR4
`%PH94\+-PC[_]/R'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&
KM[I;O2:K4?SP2<!!4PPD[3_ON=
MP02P2=LD#VW`Q\=G/CPS67][JTKCE;:\8/7&))9C&K3.6%[4AXWYS]_/#Z%I

=\K-;]M??UF?6?OCY0*`QAJOC&/0C0KV^;9D58IMUA#:UC9
ML[9*!3RV!YLW+4WS;E-5VJ[C!':5%K4I&5;M+1QLOR\R^L2R4T5K(4E:6J8



5Q



'QPRL)Q

MD.DE

M4W1A&YO4B


4M/0+Z-'$*XE-U

=







%7@YSA?

6@
MDE=TU[BONOO(Q:9V



:XK
M]
25%K))

E
M





M1[9%MRAW[L5PF/CU82;'P]C


M^SLIQD2)/$;&V]Q8




M]M[[3
%)K`)&MM.T_WYG;*`82`LO29B
S_%\G4PV-R]YYCTSJ;@HMCZ9S7V/



PQ'[/

MEF-!`GLA$]]]K./=1HJS!TT#E*J
L07)&H'`X)+H.\M.F]]:&JXJX(J/._

M:W/Y
`P;7


SXD&A$3'NS4J3(Y=8KF

N4EXH1+
H75L;$V_PM11GMVL/U+5#%T'S#2S6
M97Q@/V-YX(7R


X$'U?:?\!\3[AEENC)*
0


'O/JO+;__9)\6-H6:]+JF!:T(FO[C3#[X^;WWU9W6C^S




M.%#ZS$T_'3D$9\?P3MH
_%U;1W)*;T7S#[W_2?+SI4&Z9U#$A87'MYBP##
*
MFHD_XTP9+1``_EMESDL#

-


M


JH*%JZK:#4:]6VP@

)Y!@5TUSR
M[#FB

]'U$%:'O4MJ;.2$SGF.*)2C+@4J?1X
M*@V9PD1PJS+Y[OPK
L6NKL@4D)9

F5N


MV$=^B)./R1



MS]Z55I^^P[4#3F(-8&0[DYE_O]7N;MM=+R9A-#?#Y'$=W*^KNZO!=U]_'/:#

MK[OWO/A6OJ9I-:`(Q_)^^%I5I]5H5&Y?TT-2WN2G]$A7GO/BD%3T9_$R*D]%


M/;WH



4Z3^-:__-CF01U#7E)%7R



M*9`);5-R\Q)!3$4DF9OU
6/U(8ULV1?5VQ405Q%;;HG6?+(T@WB-@2XR'X($
M0


'2`N$$^2V4)JR6+ZRIX6XDYB
MKB4$#8%$9AK6^
4?I#&T%
0II$N53WOM<;E6M54[2T)$D9F*=:Q=NC+9

M+8F




M[-X-=23ZH

MROFY5ML28=@\E

M*K:4Q-JC+Y6IMVC1N^7[P?JF.OKN+%9'@
N--^VYXH$8'0T@%ZT\A71'PPY'

MGH8=K3:M5:N
C$6.&KEHY2'R$06(0D01HMA`IC+7'41H/P5E).KV-
JJ@QQ$




X$H;O%]AW




MKSCD=3)Q+=6)*0D;I7SIG.N7-0:F68QD`1(B0#D@
I@)0V8;+0YL-DZ=^E





9`$2`HD`Y(#*84-F$B#*O1P%3
M'%^]`DL_4H

5
D1I0@2A%EB')$!:*2(2Z8*!#M:7DY
M-3Q53](6;J)9:\3WIIE;]756IF&


MIYQ5._)ZK69MUO).B7K&[M2/OD30=1$E?CM5PFEW4UG\K3UE=7E#:6U
`L9=
M
X
21FB#%&.J$!4,L0%$\6)+=A?;BZEK&GDT)\0YD[U5;DM58FYAA1@BA%



G


MK*(846+05


MOT);F:R;S/UYV-6Y

M1I0@2A%EB')$!:*2(9Y_-!JWY)\P=TH-A5B5Z7ONLX+82:FA583%B!)$*:(


=1#%B!)$*:(,48ZH0%0R
MQ&/NJ]N6ZK;FLP
YIJFHE1$K(GFO;GO.P]%D;&RUS+=L$.)MM*%YV1
9;RS
M3*3
$8]*E#?V2


-%IXO?-:_7O

M]=G\08&
VI/HC_\'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!967H.S@0``)01```9

-.5C^7?6[^43\^\?


Z)E4\

M


M_J(XYYDQ





/3


M&!;=F2&26''B@/Y@CV6KLV4($LU1#:(1(C$B2(I(ALQT3*W?NEW%FTG#LG
MD+M(:XU(B


)HEMCR*Z_[H.L^%'+B

:R
V&/W
M6H'Y!L5&=48),13:6$P@1P[Q&)$1DTQ/OYY:A-C$B2*II'O+GW$3R1]V






MRXO-Z^/N:?OZ^?WE?];9O_J7%_O#P^O3P_/N=?/^\L_-_O+?'_[YCW??=V^_

O/^DNZ$)H8]37F_?XCZG7?7
MO]

)9A+
)5A(

=1I?W[QA%94:-(OM_P,`.:^`/ZI`E661()4@DR7H)@
ME&`D027!6(*)!%
)9A+

D
+M//@A3=]?XP&


@#9\0--(IH1CD,:
M=F[%DW@48K4$2`HD`Y(#*840$9`*B!C(!
@4R`S('
@R!+(L@:Y=XXT59
MWD^


@E:OEN826
M/\\E#2'CW+J2]F]=DQZYW
[+P8T_1$.C9I/C!$@*)#.F:4DYF@[Z(OG*0:T`



MP*C81GT7OA]5%?43?M1%%R7/'&$#M;E%KNVIY86W*


M597I\(I]?MK341;%U*N1F'J[
KZUE!.`B;'5LPM_:I`CE1D4WK;

W/YB'W2OY_E7I?)M_S\K:U?:[=*]&8GJ&

M
WR5&1&^&HE)&98_H^B&+Z!4O0#Q@SPSB-9U^U0W3

R6
ZW53^KA!$P9R;TV]+O
C
M-T&4(LH

M9]9WM:SL9/I\WE0='L^&P]17\S+`R/5NL]O97@J2AEB#)$.:(48EHA*A
M-$8T031%-$
\@?;E7QM0WWF0^W*4*==8H2?+4.1NF0T2)08Y[4D09*N:(
ME0L$8T058C&!CF]GR:HN(


V7C'Q;8C$962FV
M53&RML:
?%LBZ9E8*;8U961MS1CYMD3M/+=2;&O!R-I:


D96
4=4
+*V



M48ZVI0J$8T058C&B8&.;V?HM0

=\K
M
+`G/`RT5/.+C



4H198AR
M1`6B$M$(485HC&B:(IHAFB.:(%HB6B%:.TA?[C53HH[W=F[/Q8F?N`9V7
M4`/MG^F*1,HUM%(\8@FB%%&&*$=4(H1C1!5B
:()HBFB&:(YH@6B):(5HC6
M'O(&






M@T3$BJ5VR(HV/!-$*:+

M3U[!!P:)J5=LF@V-E!/



M4@ON
79D3F%E.-E+$*6(
D0YH@)1B6B$J$(T1C1!-$4T0S1'M$T1+1M/:0





N%8Y;E-+7?4







GYV+<^5S\*?XLDB59
MU[]_/QXFWZISLZ]/-U/G:CZ=5*==_;`_/=U
__HS_6TYG33M]O2P/=2GZF;Z

UC?3YN
M6_CS_#1K7L[5]J%K=#S
W/D\G!VW^]-4*ZS/EVC4CX_[7177NZ_'ZM1JD7-U

P5R

MSKKTW.GL]KHSZ+_[ZK6Q_CUIGNO7[+Q_^-?^5(';
$]J!N[K^HL*+1X4@L8S

)T!S`B-;#UPX^X:G;@*

MN`#X_^2X5ZD!CFR_=Y^O^X?V^6;JA5?!8NXY$#ZYKYHVW2O)Z63WM6GKX_]T







40(F)<M42_W:[6*X.I!4RF02Y1(55#EP^627I`VU2-5OG[!(EWO$(HU(
MMCF.2#
MY=LG3-+5'NCATMHX!MEYY`;LB*,LO/(-!Q08J),'CEAX*V6/)-$JTQJYQ(5
M5'L1+$-V3UJ21C255*%GN_13QYYZPL/./8-(AKD!OPWJ$S8H.[B%5=ZHF
M!GD+O7LY7BB\TQ=@I64FI7
I75#I$#9&MG661(=ZIPI&X1T\KH)]1U4



M;*@/



I*-(/\`26(]$'@+OTEVZU3J9-)E*/.(%T@TM)++V#%

M

M023OM)9O\@[J#X]-0BJ%
HERJ5T@
MK^?+YBQWM)A*A[JAP7[OV=$@0J5.&D

'H78*7$91N8K/Q=@ZQ'AQ+%



MO)T





8O@IW%ZA5$Y0TQPDX&/37Z+4/]

?H-O!)Y
MUSUL9BTV\*ID]T


$%``&``@`
*S)MY%$0U*6\_8=BJ(B

MVV7U




YY:2P-4-JLC@5DP&S7&G):ZP]6D%J6;FQ6



C



M%I1WQ'VQ]B3.[,Q^CW1;//NFRS:NBK!C



2()(BD







7EE?N-[\`\[M





O87!P
M+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````)Q7
M;4_;

]N)Z'[]SDE?TO6:












$%``&``@````A`%4-


MK&R5MIL:/:T6^37*0A16B::U4*

MQN@8QD%NP8A0I(9-X;KU1L1T]!OLA'P7&\`E(5?80!1*1(%[8.XF(AJ12DY(
M]^&;`:`DA@8


M.#]\\_YU\```#__P

`

O+G)E


M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*(5O-`@!```[@T``!@`````````````````NP\`


M.0




M971S+W-H965T

;!```GP\``!D`




`



&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A










``/
(```9`````````````````*+8



M970Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#LA3:3YP(``$T(```9````````````



M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`ZFGYZPT9``#E0``&0````````````````!M



&PO




M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!M&PC^MP8``$(=```8`````````````````%-7





Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

M971S+W-H965T



M`


=;W)E+GAM;%!+!08`````00!!`+D1``!*\`$`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


State income tax
 net of federal benefit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Beginning balance

404
        


Options
 Granted

000

404


Options
 Exercised
        
        


Options
 Forfeited/Cancelled
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Ending balance

404

404


Options Exercisable
 Beginning balance

404
        


Options Exercisable
 Ending balance

845

404


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled
        
        


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance
        
        


Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance
        
        


Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock subscribed
 shares

333
        


Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00- $1.50

067

400


Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00

845

404


        

854
245

804




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
223
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
223
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
223
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
318
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding December 31
 2013
    
    
    
541
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    
428
845
    
    
    
    
    




        
        



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
541
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
428
845
    
    
    
    




        
        


warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
505
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
505
400
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
505
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
386
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    
    




        
        



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term for both options (or share units) currently outstanding and options (or share units) exercisable (or convertible).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      














 2011

          



 2012








 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013








 2013

          



 2013








 2013








 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2013



          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

500
000

500
000

000
000

000
000


        
        

031

121
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        

000
000
        

000
000
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

400
        
        

000
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

666
        
        

400
        
        

333
        

333
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
The Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
monthly fee of $10
000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&#146;s satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising
of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0 mil- $5.0 mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 credit cards
 merchant discounts
 and fiduciary and trust activities
 guarantee fees
 investment advisory
 management
 and administrative fees
 transfer agent fees
 and insurance commissions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000


        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 floor rate
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit
 balance outstanding
        
        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

306
652

149



          

        
        


        

600
000

600
000


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

600
000

600
000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

404

404
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding
        
        
        


        

845

404
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies




have been eliminated in consolidation.




in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among
others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value of share-based payments.


significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could
change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly
from our estimates.




and change in consumer demand. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial
and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future
expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in
which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food
and beverages in connection with the Company&#146;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult
to project the Company&#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.




purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December 31
2013 and December 31
 2012.


with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally
insured limits.




management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the receivable
net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.




using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
112
279
    
    
    
76
570
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


of depreciation are:



    
    

    
    





 the
fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between
willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#146;s short term financial instruments
approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.




as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity. Offering costs recorded
to equity for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were$1
604
000 and $1
088
964
 respectively.




as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were$19
408 and $68
372
 respectively.




revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.




when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the
sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.


shipment.


discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
9
282
562
    
    
    
4
948
254
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
540
941
    
    
    
365
409
    

    
    
    
8
741
621
    
    
    
4
582
845
    





related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#146;s products. Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
and print production costs.




advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were$2
440
424 and $1
460
000
 respectively.




compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&#148; (&#147;ASC 718&#148;) which
establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method
of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option
plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50
&#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services&#148;.


share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31
 2013
and 2012 share based compensation amounted to $894
827 and $438
122
 respectively.$731
894 of the $894
827 recorded for the year
ended December 31
 2013 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.
The $438
122 recorded for the year ended December 31
 2012 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.


 2013
when computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&#146;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.

    
    

    
For the year ended December 31
 2012
 when computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Given the Company was privately held
 expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range of 128%-147%.

    
    

    
The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&#146;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.





by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from
the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.



following potential common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

854

    




common stock equivalents at December 31
 2012:



Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00
    
    
505
400
    

Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00
    
    
223
404
    

    
    
    
728
804
    



during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive.
A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.




Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and
tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the period
of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.




that are expected to have an effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
M
S




M9#$V939?.38X
%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N=%]O9E]#:&%N





#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$





5]4





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




M


M:&5E='

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4')O



0U]486)L97
\





\+W@Z3F%M


#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G0S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





O4VAE970S

#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




M965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


O






O4VAE970T
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970T

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O

O4VAE970T


&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970T-BYH














O4VAE970U




O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-





T0B






%\T8F)D7V)E
M-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$564D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




2P@
C`Q
M

M

]
M








]
T1T97AT

#`Q-3(P



]


]



]



Q+`T*

]
M





3(M
S$\



]




T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%9O;'5N=&%R


]






]




T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^

]

]
M







]
T1P

]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S
Y9&1C93$O




]



@

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P



]




]
M


2PP-C



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q



M:60@97AP96YS97




S4Y+#4P-CQS


]


BPY-C0L-C


]
T1N



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
3(T+#$Q




M9SY



C
L
#0T

M
S(Y+#(S

]


]


#`L


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4R.2PR
S






]



#`L
#`P




]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#L@
C0L
M
3@W+#
W-2!A;F0@
C`L
#4T+#`P
!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S






#`L-#8Q/'-P86X^

#0L


S+#
S
R!S:&%R97
\



RPS-3(L
#



M+#
P




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-2PQ
C0L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D
M-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S
Y9&1C93$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


#`P
M


#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P

#`L






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U






]

]


C`L
#4T+#`P


]

M;7`^-3
S+#
S

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
M
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S



M='`M97%U:78]

]




T1T





]


BPX-#4\




]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C







]






T1T;W`^


S.2PU


;W-S(&9R;VT@;W!E

]
T1N


]




M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]



3(L
M


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L.3DY+#8R



]
T1N=6T^)`H,XQ



%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B
M9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E

#4N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$





]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A:60M26X@0V%P:71A

]
T1T:#Y#


]


^#0H@

M($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

2PU-S


M.2PS
3



#`L



T1T;W`^0V]M









]
T1T



]

\

]
M

S@L


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#@X+#DV


]
T1N=6T^*#$L

]
T1R




T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R



]



]

]
T1N=6UP


]






]



#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S
S+#


]


M8W)I8F5D(P@-3,S+#,S,R!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]







M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG)FYB







\

]
M




M-S


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#8P-PP


M


]
T1T97AT


M;3XH



2P@
M
C`Q


M+#8P


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@

S$L(#(P
3



]


39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
M
V1F
S







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

S+#
S



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S
Y9&1C



]







3U=3($923TT@3U!%
M4D%424Y'($%#5$E6251)15









]




]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#@Y



T1T;W`^





]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-RPY



]
T1N=6UP/C(T
M+#4T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#0Y


]

M;3XH-C(R+#
R

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-3DL



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I=!W:71H(&UA;G5F86-T=7)E



]
T1T


\


SD\





]
T1N=6T^*#


]







]


]
T1R






M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



]
T1N=6UP
M/C
P+#`P


]

M=&EN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q+#$W
BPU


3@L



]




]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L
#`P+#`P

T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
\+W1D



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@P






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT
M(&]F(&-R961I=!L:6YE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@S-3`L



]

]
T1N











]



M







]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#








M:7



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]


]


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#`G/CQB/CQU/DYO=&4@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;6%-86YC:6YI)B


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





38P.SPO



L('=I=&@@82!L





'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C0L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY



M36%N8VEN:28C
30V.W
L#0I);F

30X.RDL
M(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!!9W)E96UE;G0@86YD(%!L


M:28C
30V.W



Q-#@[*2X@



M:7-S=6EN9R!-86UA36%N8VEN:28C
30V.W



#
L-#`X+#`P

M871E(&]F(0R.34L,#`P(&%N9`X
#`L




Q

M


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:6YC;'5D:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#


30V.W
@9F]R





M97






'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@86YD#0IR96QA


30X.RD@86YD(&EN8VQU9&4@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
M
S



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


]


M;&4]

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\=3Y.;W1E(#(@+2!3=6UM87)Y(&]F(%-I9VYI9FEC



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M5&EM97










M=!J=61G;65N=X@270@:7






M97


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P













T0G9F]N=#H@

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
XU:6XG/CQB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP




N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AE

2P-C(P,3,@
M86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M/B8C








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&4@86YD(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='



M97)A;&QY(&1O97


@87)E('=R:71T96X@;V9F

M;&4@:7

M=VAI8V@@:7
@=&AE(&9A8V4@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!R96-E:79A8FQE#0IN
M970@;V8@=&AE(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
N($%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@






M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
S$L(#(P


38P.SPO


M




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M(S$V

M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V






T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@=&AE


N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P

@





Q+`R,#$S
M(&%N9`R

2PV
#0L
#`P(&%N9`D,2PP.#@L.38T+!R97-P

38P

@


T0G9F]N=#H@




@97AP96YS960-

M97

W


@3F5W






M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M96EG:'0@8V]S='
@87


L

Q-C`[


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M:&5N(&%L;!O9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&AA=F4@;V-C=7)R960Z(@Q*2!P


T0G9F]N=#H@




M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97


@87


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/D5N9&5D/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M97(@
S$L(#(P
3


38P

M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

2P@
C`Q

M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

97-S.B!3
M;&]T=&EN9RP@1&ES8V]U;G1S+!!;&QO=V%N8V5S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






M='




@3F5W(%)O




C0@86YD(0Q+#0V
M,PP

'!T+VYO




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`W
3@N(%1H92!#;VUP

@-3`U+34P#0HF(S$T

@27-S=65D('1O
M($YO;BU%;7!L;WEE97


T0G9F]N=#H@



L('=A


'!E8W1E9!T;R!V97-T+CPO<#X-@T*/'`@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


@:7-S=65D
M('1O(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE97





2P@
M
C`Q
PT*86YD(#(P

M=&5D('1O(0X.30L.#(W(&%N9`D-#
X+#$R

M




S@L




M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M








T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q







34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


30X.R!M971H
M;V0@87



M92!A(')E87-O;F%B;&4@8F%S:7
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M








M+3$Y

34E
M)SXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M
S$L(#(P





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@















M;B!S=&]C:R!S:6YC92!I='
@:6YC97!T:6]N(&%N9!D;V5S(&YO=!A;G1I

@;VX@:71S(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!I


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




@

Q-#@[
M*2`Q

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



M

M


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




@:6X@82!S:6UI;&%R(&EN9'5S=')Y+B!4:&4@97AP

30W
M)2X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

T0G=F5R=&EC



6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G
M/E1H92!F;W)F96ET=7)E(')A=&4@:7


30V.W
@=6YV


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M

M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@








M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'@G/E1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(&AA9!T:&4-F9O;&QO=VEN9R!P;W1E;G1I86P@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


#`E.R!B;W)D



M93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X)SXF
M(S$V


M





M)B




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R



M;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X


M(#(N-7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X)SXF(S$V
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'@G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

'!X


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@





34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M)#$N

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

@;F]T('!R97-E

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@





@87)E('!R;W9I






T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP

M5&EM97





M9F]R('1H92!E9F9E8W1S(&]F(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&%X(&QA=W
@86YD(')A


L

Q-C`[


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



M-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]




]



T1T


M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:6YG/3-$






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
3(\




T0G=VED=&@Z



M8VL@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B


34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


Y+#8R-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@

C(L

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V


M('1H92!A;6]U;G0-F]F(0X
C8L


'!T

M.B`P)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@97AP96YS92!C:&%R9V5D('1O(&EN8V]M92!F

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M
B!A;6]U;G1E9!T;R`D,S,L.#DQ(&%N9`D


M


M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0HR
#$S+!A('9E:&EC;&4@=VET:!A;B!O


M(S


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S
Y9&1C93$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R



]



]

:6YE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SX\8CXF(S$V

#$P

Q-#@[*2!F;W(@)#$L
#`P+#`P
X@5&AE(&%V86EL86)L92!B
M86QA;F-E(&]F#0IT:&ES($YO=&4@=V%S(')E9'5C960@=&\@)#0P,PP
#`@


2P@
C`Q
B!W87
@-XU,4N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@87)E(&QI;6ET960@=&\@.#`E(&]F(&5L:6=I8FQE#0IR

3
@
M861V86YC97
@87)E(&QI;6ET960@=&\@-S`E(&]F(&5L:6=I8FQE#0IR96-E

#`N($-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&9R;VT@86YY(&]N92!C=7-T

S`E(&]F('1O=&%L(&%C8V]U;G1S#0IR96-E:79A





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[





M.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E





]

T1)1#!%

3$
\


]
T1R

]




M;&4]

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


2P@
C`Q
2!T:&4@:6YV97-T

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#$R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#8[

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q








'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B,Q-C`[/]P/@T*



C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;&]A;F5D($U/(0S,PP
M

M2G5N92`Q.2P@
C`Q
RX@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S('!A:60@:6X@9G5L;`T*;VX@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V

3$
@:7
@87
@9F]L;&]W


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M)B

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



38P.SPO

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\




M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




M:6=H=#H@





34E
M)SXF(S$V


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SXF(S$V







T0G9F]N=#H@



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@









T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
S0L

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-2PT.3


M;&4]



M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

C(P+#8W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN

M97



M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


%\T8F)D7V)E
M-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E

M971S+U-H965T
3

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5

]









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R
M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




L(%-E
'0M:6YD


T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@



30W.TUA;G5F86-T=7)E


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9W)A;G1S('1O('1H92!-86YU9F%C='5R97(@82!R979O
M8V%B;&4@;&EC96YS90T*=&\@=7-E('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


Q


@=&AE(')I9VAT#0IT;R!P



N(%1H92!A9W)E
M96UE;G0@8V]N=&%I;G
@82!P97)P971U86P@875T;VUA=&EC#0IR96YE=V%L
M(&-L875S92!F;W(@82!P97)I;V0@;V8@;VYE('EE87(@869T97(@=&AE(&5X


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


@=VAI8V@@













M

M97


3
@86YD(#(P




M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


34P.R!R96QA=&5D#0IP87)T
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B,Q-C`[/]P



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
-
MF%N9`R

@

30V
M.W
@8W5S=&]M97(@:6YV;VEC97

M96YS97

S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
S$L(#(P


38P.SPO


M





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


38E.R!T97AT



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF
M(S$V


M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M/C$U.2PR



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S
M9&8S
SED9&-E






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3


@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97
@


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@


L(%-E


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

M




T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q







Q-C`[

M;'-P86X]


M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q

M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[('=I9'1H.B`S
R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



T0G



T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G=F5R=&EC



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M;&4]

M86P@5&EM97




M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V


M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




Q-C`[


Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P


38P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z
M(#

6QE/3-$

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3
\+V9O;G0^


M;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



T0G





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M

M97


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


2P@
C`Q
PT*86YD
M(#(P





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO=&0^



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M

T0G9F]N=#H@

3`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S
M9&8S
SED9&-E






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3



]
M

M;&4]



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
XU:6XG/CQB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4





M86P@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




2XP


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








M965M960@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@.#`P+#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^
2`Q+`R

S$L
M#0HR

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M5&EM97




RPS
S



M($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S('1H92!S:&%R97,@:&%D(&YO=!B

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


2PX




@3F5W(%)O










M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@


M/CQB/D]P=&EO;G


38P

M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



M;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


#$L(#(P
M

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$V

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F%C


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

C
L-#`T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G




2P@
C`Q
M

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

C
L-#`T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO



T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6=H=#H@


M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

2XP
#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M
T0Q
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI








Q


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M)B



Q

M($%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI9F4@*&EN('EE87)S

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M97


M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@







M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G
M/C


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XP


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE


Q-C`[


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





3(L


@3F5W



M5&EM97

M/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#



T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI
M8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M:6YG(8C,34P.R!*86YU87)Y(#`Q+`R

T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



2P@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^


M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F%C


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M(#$Q-24G/B8C



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[


M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:68G/C$N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M







M5&EM97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

2XR
CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M=#H@


T0R

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U




M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;'-P86X]

M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M(#$Q-24G/B8C





M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
30E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


34E)SXF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



34E)SXF
M(S$V




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

2XR
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L#0HR

@)#$L
M

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B
M8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S


T0G




M/3-$

M86X]

#$S




M
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\8CX\=3Y.;W1E(#DM($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&(^)B
Q

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X
2!B96-O;64-FEN=F]L=F5D(&EN('9A<FEO=7

@


:71I9V%T:6]N(&ES('-U8FIE




M979E('=I;&P@:&%V92P@:6YD:79I9'5A;&QY(&]R(&EN('1H92!A9V=R96=A

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z





@87-S:6=N960-

M:&4@06=R965M96YT)B




:6-E;G-E92X@57!O;B!A



M87





M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C






@86X@)B

M06=R965M96YT(%EE87(N)B


M;W)M86P@5&EM97







30X.RD@9F]R('-U8V@@06=R965M96YT(%EE







M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;BP@5&EM97









M('1H92!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!R:6=H='


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T+S$Q-24@0V%L:6)R:2P@2&5L=F5T:6-A+!386YS

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@=W)I='1E;B!N;W1I8V4@=&\@3&EC96YS

:6-E;G-O




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M=VEL;!P87D@82!R;WEA;'1Y(&5Q=6%L('1O('1H92!R;WEA;'1Y(')A=&4@
M*'1H92`F(S$T-SM2;WEA;'1Y(%)A=&4F(S$T.#LI+!M=6QT:7!L:65D(&)Y
M($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(8C,30W.TYE=`T*4V%L97,F(S$T.#LN($%S('5S
M960@:&5R96EN+`F(S$T-SM.970@4V%L97
F(S$T.#L@;65A;G

@

@;V8@4')O9'5C='



@86-T=6%L









M9B!N970-G-A;&5S('5P('1O(0U
#`L

#`@=7`@=&\@)#(L-3`P+#`P


M(&]F(0R,PP
#`L





M87(@87

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






Q-S$W

M/C

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M4V5R:68[(&-O;&]R.B`C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

Q-S$W



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$W

M(&-O;&]R.B`C



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]


Q-C`[


Q
M-S$W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
Q-S$W

#`\




C`S+#`S
2!A;F0@)#$S-PQ,C$-F]F


M871I=F4@97AP96YS97

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY!9W)E96UE






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W






3$


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M86-E;65N=`H=&AE(8C
30W.T9I;F%N8VEN9R8C




T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M






@*'1H90T*)B

F(S$T.#LI('1O('!U

30V
M.W
@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&5Q=6%L('1O(#$P)2!O9B!T:&4@;G5M8F5R(&]F


-

L



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M96YS97


@;V8@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




#L@

M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#$S(AT
M:&4-B8C

Q-#@[*2X@




M)B


#L\+W`^#0H-









M8VL@97%U86P@=&\@

M;6UO;B!3=&]C:R`H86YD+V]R#0IS:&%R97
@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&ES


M9V5A8FQE('-E8W5R:71I97








@3F5W(%)O





@*')A




M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C






T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M






30V.W
@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&5Q=6%L('1O(#$P)2!O9B!T:&4@




MF5X97)C:7-A8FQE+!C;VYV97)T:6)L92P@;W(@97AC:&%N9V5A8FQE('-E
M8W5R:71I97
&-H86YG










M;V8@)#$P+#`P



38P


L
S


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

#$Q







@



L(&1I

N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@8V]N=&%I
M;G




'!T+VYO


@;V8@=&AE

M97-U;'1S(&EN('1H92!M86YU9F%C='5R97(@:6YC=7)R:6YG(&EN8W)E87-E

M;'





N($EF('1H


M;B!R97!A8VMA9VEN9RX@4&5R('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@86QL('!R;V1U8W0@



M86P@5&EM97





M;VUP86YY)B



M9'5C='

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SY);B!-87)C:`R



%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE


T0G9F]N=#H@



M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P
M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E




M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M4V5R:68G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M

T0G9F]N=#H@






3$U


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

B4[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@=&5X


M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E
M)SXF(S$V



M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@






M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

S8Q+#
V
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S
M;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:68G/C$L
S`V+#8U

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@







M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N


Q-C`[




@








X



@3F5W


@

2P@
C`Q
R!A
M;F0@
C`Q

#




L(%-E


L

@;6]R92!L:6ME

@
M:7







M=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92X@1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=F%L
M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!W87
@)#$L
S`V+#8U
B!A;F0@)#4Y.2PQ-#DN



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M4T





@=&%K96X@;W(@97AP96-T
M960@=&\@8F4@=&%K96X@:6X@82!T87@-G)E='5R;B!A;F0@=&AE(&YE=!B


@)B


30X.PT*02!L:6%B:6QI='D@:7


F5D#0IT87@@8F5N969I=!B96-A=7-E(&ET


30V.W



@;F]T(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@82!R



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











@3F5W(%)O



M;W)T960N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z





T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@16YD960\+V(^








\+W4^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M


T0R('-T

34E)SXF(S$V



M:#H@-C(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



M




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=#H@
M


Y+#`V.3PO9F]N=#X\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V







34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G=VED=&@Z(#8R)3L@;&EN92UH

@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



Q-C`[

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S



M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C



M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S
L

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


3$U




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQP

M5&EM97

'!E;G-E(&)E;F5F:70@87

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

S0N

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF
M(S$V



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/C




Q-C`[

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

38P

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@


39E-E\Y-C@P
M7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^



]



T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P


T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@



M:&%S(&5V86QU871E9!A;&P@979E;G1S('1H870@;V-C=7)R960-F%F=&5R




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:61I87)Y(&]F($UA;6%-86YC:6YI)B

M=&AE#0HF(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[*2P@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&$@4V%L
M92!A;F0@4V5C=7)I='D@06=R965M96YT(AT:&4@)B

M4V5C=7)I='D@06=R965M96YT)B



30X.RDN(%1H92!386QE

30W.T]R:6=I;F%L#0I497)M)B
Q-#@[






Q-#@[*2X@36%M828C
M
30V.W



30V.W
@
M0V]L;&%T97)A;`H87,@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!T:&4@4V%L92!A;F0@4V5C=7)I

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







M=7)C:&%S960@06-C;W5N='



@


M
BXU



Q-#@[

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY-86UA)B

X@061D:71I;VYA;&QY+!-86UA)B


M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V


3`L(#(P
M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


#L@

M



2P@


M8W5R:71I97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY5;G)E9VES=&5R



M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

#L@



M
30V.W


M-3



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y
M-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S




M:78]

]
M



@*%!O

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]


M:7!L97


M5&EM97

M/CQB/E!R:6YC:7!L97



M;FEF:6-A;G0@:6YT97)C;VUP86YY(&%C8V]U;G1S#0IA;F0@=')A;G-A8W1I


T1T


M97







M97




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








T1T;W`^4FES:W
@86YD
M(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M96%R;FEN9W


@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]M





M



@3F5W(%)O



N(%1H


S$L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4





M;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



@3F5W

@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
T0G9F]N=#H@





@8V]N9&ET








M;W)M86P@5&EM97

'!T+VYO




@8V]M

S$L(#(P
3
@
M86YD(#(P

38P


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A
M;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M:6=H=#H@




Q+`R
M,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


M/B8C

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

3(L


38P.SPO

M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q











@3F5W

M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



34E($-A

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

BTW



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@








M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE







30V.W

M=&5R;2!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='







M27-S=6%N8V4@0V]S='



M4W1O8VL@27-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='


M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R('=E

2PV
#0L


T1T
M;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



@3F5W(%)O



T0G9F]N=#H@





@9F]R

W



6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

M(S$V




2!O
M9B!T:&4@<F5L871E9!C=7-T;VUE<B!R96-E:79A8FQE(&ES(')E87-O;F%B
M;'D@87-S=7)E9X-E1H97)E(&ES(&YO('-T871E9!R:6=H=!O9B!R971U


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E






M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI




38P.SPO




M:61T:#H@-C(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


@4V%L97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



C@R+#4V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


C4T

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

S8U+#0P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

6QE/3-$)V9O





T0G9F]N
M=#H@






6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@
'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-


M.B`Q






-F5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R

2PT-C`L
M


]

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

'!T+VYO






M;GD@86-C;W5N='


@-S$X+B!4:&4@

@=&\@

`T*
M)B


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







L(&%T('1H

M87)E('5L=&EM871E;'D@97AP96-T960@=&\@=F5S=X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97






M:&%V92!B965N(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!S

@87)E(&%M;W)T:7IE

M:6YG(&1O97



2P@
C`Q
R!W87
@82!D:7)E8W0@8V]S
M=!O9B!A('-T;V-K(&]F9F5R:6YG(&%N9!H87


M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


@82!R961U8W1I;VX-





65A


L('1H92!#;VUP86YY


@3F5W(%)O


M)B


T0G=F5R


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

Y

@8F%S960@





M=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:7



M=#H@



T0G

38P

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@8F5N8VAM87)K960@86=A

M
30T)2TQ.3

M





T0G9F]N=#H@

Q

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!W:&5N(&-O;7!U=&EN9R!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-H

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




@




T0G

38P

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M97


30X.R!M971H;V0@87


M;G
@86YD('-I;6EL87(@:6YS=')U;65N='
@87
@=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@9&]E



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@




M





T0G9F]N=#H@


C@E

34E
M)SXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



]

T0G9F]N=#H@









T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

<^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M:&%D('1H90T*9F]L;&]W:6YG('!O=&5N=&EA;!C;VUM;VX@<W1O8VL@97%U
M:79A;&5N='
@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3





3!P


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+`R,S@L
M(#(U-2DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X)SY#


38P

M
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T

M


2XU
M


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X)SXF(S$V
M


M(')G8B@R


M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
L(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F)#$N
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I



M;&4]

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P<'@[(&9O

BXU





2PX-30L

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M:#H@-SDE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




M






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P



@


M

M97





]








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


M97



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC90T*=VAE;BP@:6X@=&AE(&]P:6YI;VX@;V8@
M;6%N86=E;65N=P@:70@:7,@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!S

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97





M;65N='







M('1O(&AA=F4@86X@969F96-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
M
S


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@26YV96YT;W)I97


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;&4]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M



T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M9&]U8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


BPR-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M97


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@



@










T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M

\

34E

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M





@86YD(%-A

T0G;6%R9VEN

M5&EM97




@3F5W






M/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


M97



M
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G


38P.SPO



T0G


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/D5N9&5D/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W

#$R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


L($%L;&]W86YC97
\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M=#H@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97









M)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

C

M
'!X)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

S+#
S
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W.24[








M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+`R,S@L
M(#(U-2DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

T0G

'!X)SXF(S$V
M

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M+6)O='1O;3H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M-SDE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



@3F5W

#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E






]

T1)1#!%3$4^

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT




M/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M)B

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V



34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


BPP


34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

M5&EM97



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPU
C$\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




34E)SXF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@









0R`H5&%B;&5S*2`H365A=&)A;&P@3V)S97-S:6]N




0R!;365M8F5R73PO




M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M86X]

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M


M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






T0G9F]N=#H@



M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

C
T

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH

@

S@[(&5Q=6EP

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G





M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



@3F5W

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P




M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M:6=H=#H@



M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G;&EN

M97

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

T+#`X-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

PP.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



@3F5W

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@








M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M
S$L(#(P


38P.SPO


M






T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


@

34E)SXF(S$V
M




M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\



M



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

T.2PP
SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

C5P

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M*#
U
2PP


M-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E






]

T1)1#!%3$4^

M=&EO;G


]

@


M9VX]


M


@87
@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
M
3


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0R('-T

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q

M




24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

S`Q+#0T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


L-S
T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

C0W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C5P












M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]



M;&4]

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#$S(&%N9`T*
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D('1H92!F;VQL;W=I




M=#H@

M


T0G

2XU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


S
E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
S`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L




\+V9O;G0^


M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F%C:V=R

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

30\+V9O;G0^





M;&]W:6YG(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:68G/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@


S$L(#(P


38P.SPO=&0^



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#
P)3L@



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3

M=VAI=&4G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L





T0G=F5R=&EC



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





#$S#0IA;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z(#$P


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


T0G;&EN92UH

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L





]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;CH@





@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M86P@5&EM97

M

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G=&5X

M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF
M(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

34P.R!*86YU87)Y
M(#`Q+`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C




2`P,2P@,C`Q,CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C(S+#0P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C(S+#0P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#L@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P


34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C(S+#0P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[



M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


&5R8VES960\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M1F]R9F5I=&5D+T-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


2PT
#0\+V9O


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M9&]U8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M86-K(#(N


T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P





M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^3G5M8F5R($]U='-T86YD:6YG/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;'-P86X]

M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M



M

T0G9F]N=#H@








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0R('-T

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH

@




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-3`[($IA;G5A

#$L(#(P


34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M=#H@


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W:61T
M:#H@-#DE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
M
38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C@E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^





T0G



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M4V5R:68G/C$N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O




2P@
C`Q


34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#4L

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M





#$S


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:68G/C@Y

M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



T0G9F]N=#H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!T;W`[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^


M


M97)C:7-A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'`@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@3W5T

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:68G/CQB/E)A;F=E(&]F(#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M;&4]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@

M:6-E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




M:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
30E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#$Q-24G/B8C

24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M-24G/B8C

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

2XP
M
TD,2XU,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


\

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

2XR
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE

T0G9F]N=#H@


39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?
M8F4U
%]C
V1F
S

T0G=&5X




M

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




]




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0R('-T

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:60@=VET:!297-P96-T('1O(%-U8V@@06=R965M96YT(%EE87(\+V(^/]F



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


Q-S$W


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@8V]L;W(Z(
Q-S$W


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$W


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN

M97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


Q-S$W


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G



T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




#QS=7`^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M4V5R:68[(&-O;&]R.B`C

C4L

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@



M9#$V939?.38X
%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C

O
M4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]





T1T;W`^4V-H975D;&4@;V8@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
M
3


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0R('-T

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q

M



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@




Q-C`[


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M=#H@





34E)SXF(S$V


34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M97


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B




Q


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

30Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P


T0G9F]N=#H@



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G=&5X




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


Q+`R,#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

RPR-C@\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V




T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C







\+W4^/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M-24G/B8C


M=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M:6=H=#H@


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V






T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M






'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@;V8@



M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


@3F5W

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

#$R/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



@3F5W(%)O

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M


34E)SXF
M(S$V





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M



T0G9F]N=#H@


M


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LM(4@/]F

M




M:6=H=#H@



'0O:'1M;#L@


]




]


]


#`P/'-P86X^





]
T1R93X-


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P














]









]


]



C(\


M(&EN(&5F9F5C=!A=!T:&4@=&EM92!O9B!T:&4@9W)A;G0@;6EN:6UU;3PO


T1T;W`^07-S



]
T1N=6UP/C$N





]
T1N=6UP/C$T


C@N

&EM
M=6T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
RXP


]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N


M4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]

]


M.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E





]

T1)1#!%

@*$1E
M=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]




]
T1R




T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\($UA8VAI;F5R




]
T1T97AT



@6TUE;6)E

]
T1R;SX-



M9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E






]

T1)1#!%1D1!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


C@R+#4V


M


97-S.B!3;&]T=&EN9RP@1&ES8V]U;G1S+!!;&QO=V%N8V5S/]T




2PV








]

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M
2XU

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M-2PT



]

2PX-30L






]




M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]

]



L(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(')A;F=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
M
S




04
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@




M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#(V+#
T



]


]







]
T1R



M97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S
Y9&1C93$-



M(&ED/3-$240P149*04


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R






Z($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D





M

]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y
M-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S

W



M:78]

]
M




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


RP@
M
C`Q



T1T


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36%X:6UU
M;2!L:6UI=!O9B!T:&4@;F]T97


]









]







T1T;W`^36]N






]






]





]
T1N
M=6UP/C(U


]


]



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B
M934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E

S@N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$





CXP

]

S$L
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

M9FEL:6%T97


T1T
M;W`^4V%L97

]
T1T


2PV









]
T1R



]





]
T1N=6UP/C







#



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^


;V%N('1O(&%F9FEL:6%T97


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
S`L


]
T1P

3


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B
M8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S


T0G




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP
#@L

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q





]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#0U


]

C0L

BPY.#(L


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4R.2PR
S




]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#4R+#@T.#QS


M
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97




M
T1T;W`^17AP96YS97


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S
Y+#4S



]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L.3@W+#(W





3(L



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


2PY.3DL-C(S


]


]



]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

2PT



38U+#
Y.#QS

]
T1T






]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#$S

]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C@L


]





S8L.#

C0P+#`Y


]
T1R;SX-


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97
\+W1D


T1T;W`^

]



T+#DV


]



]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS97
I/]T9#X-B`@



]


%\T8F)D
M7V)E-3!?8S-D9C

O4VAE970T










]



]
T1T97AT


U.2PU


BPY

M.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E





]

T1)1#!%

M9F%C='5R97(@*$1E=&%I;'










@8V]L


C4U/'-P86X^





]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S@Q+#4R


M
%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E
M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M



]

M




3@N
#`E/'-P86X^

3$N
#`E





]

]



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M



]



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@12!;365M

]


M;G1R871I;VYS(&]F(%)E=F5N=65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S
M.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V
M7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E

M-#



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\







M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]

M
30N

M1&YU;7`^
3
N




T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!O9B!!8V-O





]


]




]






]



M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R




]


M.38X
%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C

O4VAE970T


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H



M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]



]
T1R



]





]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#4T+#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]

#`L



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]




#`L
#`P




]


S
L
S



]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C`T+#`P


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]N









]




@


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
M
%]C
V1F
S





CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(R
RPT

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG)FYB








]
M



]


M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C(R
RPT
M

M=&]P/D]P=&EO;G








]



]







M:7-A8FQE+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E+!96=I


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


%\T
M8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E
2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$504$%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S







T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



M


]






]



]


M=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L($QI

]
T1T97AT









]
T1N=6UP/C(R
M
RPT





MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B
M8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
S




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]
M


L($=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*







]
T1T97AT



M;7`^-3`U+#0P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P-2PT




]

]
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2XR


M9VX]





&5R8VES92!0


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


]

]
T1T

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P




T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@




]


M86QI9VX]



]
T1R

@
M



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4P-2PT
M



%\T
M8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E
2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$554D))/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


]

M


M:'

M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T0Q/CPO=&@^

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/D%D=F]S







]


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^665A



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/EEE87(@-!;365M8F5R

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N
M=&%G92!O9B!R;WEA;'1Y(')A=&4@;VX@;F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]





]





M;7`^
2XP

]



]





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P+#`P
#QS







]

]
T1T


#
L
#


3
T+#$R




]





]





#`L




#`L
#`P/'-P86X^






]



]
T1P


]




3`N




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]

3`N


]



M
3`N



]




]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M





3`L




]




]


]


#4L



]



]






]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^-3`U+#0P



]


RPS
S



]





]




]


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]




3`L
M


30V.W


M961S(&]F(0T+C`@;6EL+2`D-2XP(&UI;D@;W5T;&EN960@:6X@=&AE(%-P


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
#`P


]
T1T




%\T8F)D
M7V)E-3!?8S-D9C

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@+2!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!2;WEA;'1Y($UI



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


FYD(%M-96UB97)=



T1T;W`^06=R965M96YT(%EE87(@

]






]


]

]


3`P+#`P



]


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!2;WEA;'1Y('1O(&)E(%!A:60\+W1D

M
%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E
M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R






T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W

P-BPV



]








S


M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]


]


M-&)B9%]B934P7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E





]

T1)1#!%0TI!0SX-B`@(`@

@
M*$1E=&%I;'





]
M



]




]



M9VX]



]
M



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-SAD,39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?
M8F4U,%]C,V1F,S,Y9&1C93$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


]




]
M


]




M9VX]

S
L
M


]
M

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?
M8F4U
%]C
V1F
S

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^55

M
S0N


]


]
T1N


]

]


]
T1R




BXT


M




%\T8F)D7V)E-3!?8S-D9C
S.61D8V4Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0W.&0Q-F4V7SDV.#!?-&)B9%]B934P
M7V
S9&8S
SED9&-E




^+RH@


M






3XV($UO


T0R/C



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


30L(#(P





M

]
M








]






]



]






]






]




T1T;W`^






T1T;W`^1&5B


]






]







]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#4T+#`P




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]





#4L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1T






]
T1R

]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C$N-3QS


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-SAD
39E-E\Y-C@P7S1B8F1?8F4U
%]C
V1F
M
S



M92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
M-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfAccountsReceivableFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfAccountsReceivableFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfAccountsReceivableFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReductionInAdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_HistoricalForfeitureRateForUnvestedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NatureOfOperationsAndBasisOfPresentationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateAmountPaidInCancellationToMajorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedForConsiderationOfCommonStockCacellation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PurchaseEligiblePercentageForAccountReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReservePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfPurchasedAccountsAllowToAdvance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_MonthlyFeesDueOnAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfPurchasesFromMajorVendors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NatureOfOperationsAndBasisOfPresentationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RelatedPartyDepositAssetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOtherRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_RelatedPartyDepositAssetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_IssuanceOfCommonStockSharesInReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CommonStockSharesIssuedInPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuanceCostsRelatingToPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NumberOfWarrantsIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingAndExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingAndExercisableIntrinsicValueOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AdjustmentsToOriginalCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 12pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfAccountsReceivableByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfPurchasesByMajorVendorsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_IncreaseDecreaseRelatedPartyDepositAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMachineryAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToFundLongtermLoansToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ProceedsFromCommonStockSubscription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_CashPaidDuringPeriodAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonCashMachineryAndEquipmentPurchasedOnAccount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscribedButUnissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

#$S
3(S
2YX


MB&ON
TFNQ&#HLY#!!3-2F]2K%B65RAS=?F.!)^37SS=IM_TP'+;/SN[O[ZN!
MN*/W0GY755?


M!(01J/:#XJ]/


W
QUY07-FV:
MICQIZK&)=HJYU9ZX.X
+9RB_BF57:G;27++NHR0WS^!JTI`K47?LUJSYF1;)
*,_T9=0:,*
MM&*2N^E]3]^4OP%HP)^+J=-7JA#Q4EOP]GB0Z=)#J!.&HKC=;/K$LT!-M]
M+9C!8-I)#=4'Y1W$E_&X5Z?*(X&XX2<)5T9'7%%$+*'D'#O]<FU%(.$*LL.

DVJ;9%*LL4Y&







M8(RGLQ@8[2T8R\+ZQ$B%8L#DY7&8QP_T3R&3.:F

A
@90Q2`F0F
M0
H8I`3(S#UW3,!R+L]`,A!!JDE0$H+4FA!S&DN1Y+#W/:I9&^H8MXO0GCJ
M,O`^BH`-AKX8,7;+Y!UWF?HB::HBP_@O!G=1D/H%)*;
([IG

MK

^%DA=:5C


6C'!TX&9SB=A?=+<=Y;SRU<_?#K'[=#()(FZ[BWS(TD#SE3[]_'!R\D
M#0'/0@GP6CW)]%+/T9R\_@DXP%%1KX!SDKIA1/U+K.SHZ7EF'LY[DEGKR43T



MG^T*_!=O3NC-$
L680TOV
M


Y
M-C!+8.P3

=Y^SWK4
BRE^^MR-S'L(D*&NY!UV;</%!^


M`GM[I/_;/I5
/3I$#K=:.DQ@+Y/CXSC\3N0QS1O\=Z/T8!)&HJ?'(!'DS2







6#?=W?R#S(.8ANW4;7N%09:'@0/Q9#8L

MT5K_X
G^5V:E=QZ]:ECK)\59BA3'LC?'E=EO=Y_M9RV[T:IMCDO+D]8XM^K-
M\PT(
.':(Z^SGD53Q:XUP)9M$%7+$%6KX7+3!H6XA-6K6]:%LS$CM(H]KC7/


XT6).JMII5)
/+/7O@2+YX-]:<?[%K\9Z4;ND!6F]C0GGSA`Z;(



M/-EV):(#)#+E


)):8T!95=3Y$_4.`(HA4Z`0E8
A


S/RR+`;:(JG<2?0M^A)
MPPP@I`//1H9&(W27`CR0\%(EZ(_D.I5*R2`=,)C0D:PV*-]/!Q!F1V')1J
M99'B]Q02TBE
HK#L)39.H#DH78[W`4_9)RNP-N-5L^T`=!3XKY@9&H\JT(M






MUDI6M/




M?)V7]Q




@!1;2%!

AOK
]=GZTII5B%

S`!;B$XV6:P`877C]R2&Z4BO?%U!0'B5C5\[S@S


MJ+T_L/%7^..;\Z.?AQ^9+N)





MX?H1A53.F
Z`DO'IC6RS,'0:C81-$4+0]@WQ_V1:0WZ]5T(H'T].!$;)
XV@.F/K$P
M_

[^C







\&Q?*`D
MHE4P

MY8T[2+J;25ET*KXYQ3K!B&I4AKD2((8UL4H`XV5%A;SP
O7=$QX2=4RGIESD


$W5/2*E;



M1A19-`DX$@A
XCC5RDATJ;F'IB)H\?MH3



MS:VQ8F9QA+':C[:;]EC!E%8?W5$.A6=/$4=8NCED$VR?@N=C#E[3\&D=:JH(




M_HQXZ&6TE9FY#*TWC5N[R$D.C+4E36G6OC5*ROC4OKBZ9-4R[%91V
41^B3.

HI4]3=LU1X.^:6W#A%6LKX!SHD9U



%VE-U
Z.^3/OUEH(#U1O[@

M+






MIPO_BWR%`+]EI$.RV1=1
;]\Z1?V(7\D)N2!*'K4HX@186-8@)!@21-A9DX0


&5



M\6BHK-(I'@WBP*-)\5A1Q0]^P:LS)=IT(Z(S)72FA
Z4T)D2.E.B#==/B:=1


M:8P?OO@1
WK&F2%11I&0;ZX\1^ONV(]M$/`/6`^5`9A3(

&JP=!`VQ-/Y
@LV



M`ZO;PIU_2D2R++-[

M/#H3=KQ5CUYQ?UZJ_R7EQB8/\`POOR/:.

7%'L
MSL8:8@[
]M6$9N4:4R]Y^%[TZ/^,947^CI[V3OSS2

MNXQZ4GC3RSGV&?HO?;]V\*VS7BU0J)3
R(K`J7.9A9+++5#N][_
/T)V
WL?



M&



M

MN



-0AY5A0[7(X7TW/747X`:*Y\B4P:`
M3

M*3%/@X.LN
-68@PL!C@_7-BAAPEL;*1^DY8*#2G0-'#PM)V:A&G'$SI%(MIX


G+LX

RA<^(D<XI[E@;&9HZWDX;5LR5W9X0.\B/]1BJ6U^\3#Q=0I






$YQ,H=1BM#3`WQ(IIF*<PFL

X[GJ=W3Q+@5)G2C[BE0UEB5J#@K1C$Q]C1+ORN_P
M$:^$I](=(YX']7+II26&






1


COU2P,#KGS\*V9\P/OKX+D
M7ILNZ'EL9/^MO)F7P:7)/3/?D\E`V8MI)5L!]C]&X9P3*(\@![P?'DW1UX=
M'#:@GI\9'.I8K+Q8+(:!L-P4G(!I(/8%(3!B?W`L^LTZ@3JWDO]*,04*CQH
M7#^B$(P9$S'2Z=$SE0UHR5`180YX]`!3PJNV,74C-$!AHXGTO01NY^.I/K*
MD.K[W2.Y2ZS[IO!?H+R?W(7M22%YBQM8O;%VI_E[*@6O=]8Q8UEOK9;$O^B8
MI.;11

MG-;&6KEMP7!O.##[G;)!GLW4)O:`GB\LVDI_V!L#U7FNU
.!(_.BWS6'K:R(
M?3)$ZIL#4.%&_4&]@J*Z6-\7;ZE7RG+X870SH[U_A/?95VHPP)*AV8B+&+=I





M%3
N;Z^
[_[F1@7W9%IR%/H0E9KD=N34^L=44ME4OGZ%?CC?(RC`KCI3^^
MY;DK?
^%J-MARFBHI(
H-3]PD_&2P/@751RQ





M;%Y]F
(E13%M.




M$0
YK9S)
M7X_&?7-D77`KH-\;F5UK.1'H]05,`,])\)-W$GY7C9--LB3&DDKL6U+62Z3

MZM.`IO_P




0]*BIB@U

MZE#6W)0JW*/7%/[#SVJP#R:
DSCAT5R;Y%HI\584LD!'AL#%51V
BEZK


L/KQQ`P(*E
9L9

+

W'VDD8O$5&D3
M4_5J47_(3[M098#5^[31^W3?6U+X$Y

MN0B\R0.U

5:LVW+
M7&35Y9`63


GVNAX((@FGFF\/8U*



M+)H\R%&7PV+7:6?K:\D$]W=OK$X?Z-

M1*G-ES6T%VA36


MQQ^-+;

MWOLNQ]MV/-B@RY9%I









M16;A393W!R^
B:P+_^_YU%-[(_IX[(@H-:G6ER3MQD[RD'QO76Q:*K)#674N





V$LR=-
M!8`ADEV'/3*N':&01ZV

EX+Q^S:9Q
MTN+&


)+G#&%@[S([NX)V0
MV]NA#8:3:7R
``

M



S^6$$FQBL28?)S@
\293[







!F]L$*O:WPYM?G$CR#ZG([P6B#V\=)*LO8Z=`8CU$#*V'8@
M@SRZ%_A_A



ML'/X..0^)]CPP(!UR_


MAQX*)+S$XB\`B1^=Q!R=4[57SKX2\30789[7
Q::;MH84#QDDF=.#2X2V!9L


DO30
M0Z?(KT:?!DID%]_4R1AB2


@CZJO<9_C$DS0)AS_R5D!6PQ,QZ]H5-+6^Y9NO=O5X!:T)QC

':]G=

WN/-7LWCKV[G6WD_
D*]VYG
M




\!8]2010
#3&!
M6V:
1X)Z


M.*;2VR00;*$T8
%T'5%;*-N

M$&DP?%'&=Q



M$E%
I#8KSUACX4F]M!8K;Y6YN867*
?[M_*

MJX(-A;HJQI82


M1):*0RRX-L%D(DPN.V%NS+=





MU59P*JB4X:EM0P;W@5%S)D`H3SVA,:(:R//DG\B+:_,]5U'4+%]QM5QN74


M



Q\8



MD^
Q`BU.@-1I;H73W+H\SZV3K2


)U&D]X



MIR(&_?



V%NB0F]`K\ZPA]`#C';O

QDO#\B;W`/$A@\-?60&R\*]_#


=`8S19^YU-I$*;UCIC'S9M+4


MJIB!1?)8D/1@T)D0^64@$A&OB&11SB0Y?`@:X@A@V?4-ODB










8_WV@M=H6KK76$Q'SH`+/_
M5QG[QIC!_D5








)^A.O9P]GRK2%UEA-)HS5


M%G)S/7STIM\?`2

M=X/8%$K1!(=)FU=4
7OHB)RJ]K^.DFH^34XA2FJ?^+P\=
VL(Z@ST=P1#HZ:






L6?:]V
J36




M^U0
]0Q
07/V+&T#@S!
8
0IFAXHP@S0NOJ!'Z`KL@*Z;W#65V\MMX







M0=+&-

5P'I_\/PHT`:!\ZH11X-S%
M`$F(3X8HSQSXB2






MX&OER





M

M^*

'&Q^VIZ#!H5(+6MPC2]^ET\QV\426W\%1






6!;ON+\JUVS7.

051XMT[(R1B+$=D^!
EPB(-[[JS
M78S*

'WC^H8&47


)($^U+X%0^T4Z
1
;[W35?

M!89PQ!Z@(ER*R.41D[-




NC



1C3
QO2=KBS+
M/:`H&'\J$R+@/R0(

$YSV3KR=&*?R\
MNI?Y#L((TCGPMGP%=RSN9Q!-\X7K/PM6%0&?I.8D^4:D_0C62G2HUX



MC:=

M#DKG!_9B-'+LU4[LWC?@)$YA]@-




Q:3K:0
M^F4[*C6^.U5*-^?

T)PXC.WF2
M3_



3!MCSDXNL`&'0.C6:4@J_1:SBHE17-C;BQT
M#$R+?3'#-OIBFD*CME._5[:29R.H7Y
*JV-@6C)R3;=[5:D76E*VD?K'(BGK
MOK.HHZ'FDLL4NR7[

77EQ-[





?&QG9L9M4G
8JJP&V?V'!/0N

M&PY\-F?3M+8T##3B+3O6U


'$&^3BKC
MXRB


Y#6


M^9I6ZW;926ZRO2MK8JA*:WK(P7JEJF)L
4&ET#9WL-/%H]5I+&B:Q!4--F@N
M:$=-XHJ.EL

M8-

H`4RKT':H;[Y:;_<.V7WYLE+/.V:U/<^31NY*;ZB
M4Q:


MR^F05LNR#]

-T/;


<X/+NW[<4OM]BCZ\%WIRP(W_\G=J+G
M+W[$KIUPXOIA'+#OL






[$2Q7*=0?O0B4

)5(-H*QA2\P:
S_`

]+OFT#JB77Y\1.J;`U#A]EM/*4=0-#S@;7]W3LMWRE\#?P&B\AFO6R.\
M(/M/[SP$NV/D

611N


M





MF9([X]9@[4[!;G]P41Z-!QP*LVCK[8S???\V?;B&58UEA0Q0ZU^KV+7E^-



E?P1R@S&
MS6L`G@V;;J1YCC#833/`!WV?\0DZ.@58IP`?9^J.3J=J'DUT.M7.N)6W+D8@

[@8F-:@;/BNSL!J

M&8/)^E


M@-*-/GVZ$LF7XL'+Z:




M9[9OAK7$U[WNJ%.ED



7W_.RC@B$K8;;1
-T'?S[W/6H_
MAQ'^C[:+A_E.QO<%6)\=648D?_PM02AL*'1'@[[5'Q202(--!<'IA&E6+`C

)X_PP71K3AI=`38W2%`W%]8+^Y
M&:YKA/M
W
FH


YCISQ\-+









MQ!`56&


MN@V)D\J2
6WRA?)XNZ=W)ITBLUNI9+IGW5!;9Q?&
NGW5=
M7&%2Z[BB$,=,5XO-\^P(4N&0QTRWB.U`DLEX%2%))BJ]/,UN`)5.BRP.T(;`
MM73/W<S^Z?,@6Q'$1D\%2V;XDONV:SRQJW=ZP^MC=%U!8!<7BJW93^3^?*1



]I;]YFP!T7`'B

GS8^'9Y6R;3B:
MQBHE1?.+Y99S!?

M5E\GS-&MWRME6S@T8J\TA49MIWZO*N6RR9*R



9VHH*-4=)1*
M!0+_A7B`BH^7F8[JLB(ZJ-9-&V;0MOJHUYVQ79-5I^.A#GB270DC(Z$:2K

L

G)-=WQ5



]O2R)O=^:MEOWW



M


[C)7Y)^=B8N

M




MS4_U/0?:N%%K%@'6N87;:.K'=RZK:Q^-QI;9.6G+O`@MVB:0#\)*W7-KSXT.
MCTKE361RP=L?+9

;I5
WFL)+`'JBU5U$(ZU31%+5EC*%A=^

MY*_46%NW
OIG'RO+JUZW\\IN/%9T98/.H)_4CFL!S1[@0^&U[8MH?65I\!E6
MUR^^-'$B_'D;WX7L/S$LZOTC_*OXHH;#BT*+DD?/E6N'8?*0.&#DM1^5=$I'
MD
?/&AG7.;.L?1'Q*PO^@

?&^Z(E#)5/L1.K]XCOOW5U$0LU?&S[4`]OW!


M=!/!VBYG






`@YW#\G\GO8C-


P8PZ:&K[L=$S!J^


'??







M/RNH^:@W




!YT2L(C
]=LYDR<K67:6:\W
ML#J]3!3F2W-5`UT1A)T-K3&HJ]U=HL;S5.E3;$AEJ<L6%5:%QO!PJ!@$?=:
MA1-RV!UW0-E=#CL6

&@V[&&


M=NA
T

ZK7
MG2^XVK&E\.1V`.UO69OILBXVYJ(W&/541:B:914ZW&6A#.6D+AJGTATLNUI?





MHS-ETW?/?X18S.9&UKV^G$3.(\4V58.5D=4=C)7@O^+S5PMY:9Q:G7'/ZO:K


APDJ?=%9ZX
W-*R







M!
RR*!TLQ^*6!E


M\IVKN9)9SV^9R7:J@(LJ$IEY5CH+?=-73?93E53AY:;B5:%*HU5D4J[RJU












M%DPT
G)G
S:)J-DJ6')@P]E@'$P=^#9@W@1`M2
@V%W


M9@
DL\%%

P



MYWI%TS$-#UT=
^.Q`5+M9

M
=RS`QE?WG!%J02-$`5VNZ=LOF








M!:IA1ZTX\H-G(T`/JA-2BS/$)HSQY$0/!F\DD!E/#&?8H0ATX^AVY:.:#N!
MZFLPFXP+
DKBBD

M5-?

!/N
MCS_%VW^29Q%+)6&FV#_BP`FGS@0G_4SWC:^
X)3)%1Q%4?#<9/R6!W4+K'[^_/G=











MS


M=[;KAKQR1VC'$V8:

)?['G-CQ\C@
7V\
\0%8_T-YK3I_N+T)D[KATD#^-0

M\H@!DW)E+4*OL,PWA]?^.('\!\[1)6`0$%P;V$X^65V2-@]RA=]095-NAG

M$:W.QATY=1Z=*58)PH.8TTP9YM]^X$3/QNT#``*XF+(@LRRJR$&`1#X.IR(W






`NZG``9Q;H':1A+N3:C)*%YBWUS&F]G.H

M^W/C
J3-'L9N)

M&Y%..W
\1*ZHG\.XDW;!_2&*U!N(L.`-N'XTS5W73D3-R8I/)*:3)2G:
'
M/V3KY7
.6X`A\5G(?R09@Q


MT7-B*PSN>/0-/8*'I0=*



D/GF^@6#N/O`[V*OC\LMTB\`\38'`A


MF_






7.K[=*1


W;WK#KMD;

J9
M))1B!Y5SX^.


0


?&!-1CDA=PC)LF)`+5$'T$$((KCARDKQ6

.3_S
89Y93


95.%PI
!@W*
MIGH`IAJ;+9-R

M0B.=S'ARX'=X66Y%#B.;\KT4NQ&)H76@JR
YN$$7C*C`HZD%K_,27J5TKS
MK/P65UIDQ#C:JJ+KYEB#!IA;Z?P*\(A\8WS72_ERRJ8Q\#.;\]YN4=
MX_
DOYP;G_
0C!@*1;\YF32*VXG7U




6MERERY,%_$K_BZH3RD8!@RK(%IBR6A]D8+(4?)FO?VT%(1



'3D4R+YIT8V4(MGR+V![N
]284FW



K`
M0*+^7



Y1ZG@?X)41H4;2JP:G'
O6=U<'2&<[U.T??J$;1D_1.G=EUS0X#KR


UV




1?8?1NC!(;/7N
MV$B2&YX;PMBZ((VN.J2)?
+.W+VG?J79V2`%10JHTAGN#ILU$C1^FO
91W[P




;R'VC@?_



[K
B_X

\/KO#/X



/^Y]N1N=W)U=7.PAX6-OCEWFD8]['MO[
M^1]__A.2/S_]931








M5\K&2*'7BL@
U1%%UXNS)^P]$G'AW?G
CY+^\Y)=I1)*W&*!95=W7`B9*<@&],43TLI
M!LLEYNOKQ1U]].AJD=:-\=A@31OWN




M]_763]]^%Y:Y6PO=K:6&]7F/']RNZ
_CZM[/P&BMA^S4\L.(
@+UXP5@A
&@
MN_0(
+I


X#$/ANU@)3XF/JBL^8JV;/M3%D


28V%9TF[=#-]R0S4FTT2:):Q




]4*[GX@;AAM[_'[0K-


.Q5_V


M?L(#
F_4R,DPUN&:M8J8O\&PK%P;'JJUBLJNP
3EWKX6T&6&4F=JW33?49
MG[)F=&V'3.UL2L#JLCBEEL-;`
/A*E9#O*5#Z60NQ[OD&[LW
IB\\
[PBOJ;
M^CN-S:X&'ZR@[53P[1U2KI5.7N/S,\Q]ZCW**0W99!N#;D@5UJ,$R0V'








M34O&)CC^;^^W





M7LF23K4+(0)UFB?W((K!
M6#6AMT&E19OL`%)B#K%E%9RB^SUTC`5%H`L3:0

M`FN#P`93M)FPNM1VQ2Y@UFAD3Z-GSJ%7;`(*V-\0`Z`S-IZ]34WV%\0SAE
M\^*&1O7\;(9E^)!H&Z[+A8Y-\]*6%L/W)PS3(JF%
/ITS_T)PV1-+#A$`'UV





MA
M\U6A&HDM$U6UV2CP*-D9!YC/&IY03QX_ON;N5:)R

MW-%50DVM?&;#

]W8Y0J.(ZF\O.BRM+7N4UPXN



MV+WPY)I[B6M3`Z8\78H

AR-
M;[YPEZPD&TD^=RDMJ-2[LS`:CX*BOI#LD.D[!?*=MDRJHHC`WO=RAR5U$*
!S5BJ/
(I4(_

M+?*
XXC3:T8W44K\%S;






+!5%^AJ2-;[%/
M9$@LHTGJ)HEG@TA*@5HCD:3=9\$4!2A/`GHS[W-?.G\H`F8!RN%<\9!$]:2/
MEXGJGP<9E<M/_@M02P,$%`````@`;E=T1+P[[:1B'@``,OL!`!4`'`!M;6UB
M+3(P,3,Q,C,Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``T\*U-/`BM3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``




ME3H\BHL^#(X^#7[Y]':@V6






MJK7&5&UG2RU&LQD@BYOQ/9H$:
SH8:N;Z^*(+6_!Y!;[R$50K=9*K6R'^)9@

MXMMAN(





MS'IBI8:40FUOAXFVFY?N;#R&?&V&J\)W['#-CFSL$(1\5
4T:J@[LW?(U;WB



/7D)F0T%LB

ERK.%#V=W:`

MQB#K15?G1'BG)0*7(&W:08&3;?SO3MI\*M12+!^[.5E\_HT$)J7+2#S]QX`^


IE+Z.N4J`VLI^E!5D20H+A18HK'

I@B:'G$W'8MW);!6$@1B4?=DI@)E+A*;2\1
M@86BC\:YRQN!`E[DLP2K


M;KF8`@*S=[(2*C:+VL]$*6+AK.A^4EQ0&D'O-(\7!42A+TX_T;RXW-,^(?=
MBKFBTX3]Q%621$3HL8V$)F-R.T9+VMA52D6BB#A]U_'A^\\H:JE#UAP(KT)


M9^39)OA\33A+KMEF8#`.P=6AWH0304/UH_%--XUN3HLMV@RC7U70R/HD2R

8=M6:&PC4
DQC*2TPEW.:*64]6
M$:U0^QE'U*\'&X*P;KYU$K^B$4CTWE0P2[MA1L4D?3FI?M&/
N(M.6E3IA%7





XM?QQC6I4-ZE[#G8U


RTCK[*7)]


R


&3Y#`B8P?882WA+DEAV7


M1MOB!UM*`R.^$&F:3'$=Z\T(!7012=W.FE

M8H;(ZUG/C@9\#?O8^+
!-P1-4`!\GFY8X



(OEN
.Q-X-'H_1N_'Z/T8O1]C9PX5O1^C]V/T?HQ=\&/TWU/L


M[OB14E):W'I.Q*A%I/QB=OVZQXH#27M9N.L?D=TR^L2/-
R2N)]B$CY`

M)HW2ECU)M&K

M`)WR1V?9_S))D(?A!R8):WXNI*J[KU@:GZ4MA)8JES:Q01HHHF%]:RGC(E


MJ&`]


X

7$M:M



MTI/&GD)N3J=9S


MBD*%7F




MG:2I=@*NBR+LKU*+WLR3MR=8UVO1RB5ZKR51+M=HTKJS;+[)4&JUD#=12$
0

JU/0(H$J!FBO6D5DIGQU8CM?.

Z.;@F2EF_9T$S!]GK2$YJ







9.Q5;L)KV.

81]79A#Y9?7PS)3JS'ZIK-
-S
(IWX!6SW%$








AXF&*B



?5FD?_!306_*7E&<O<Y1$I[*'X$5^!XT




JJ_TYR5[9](2X:P)724UI\_]U24CC;
MXXHKB-'2'?EM1-PIH/#
1Q/$MJQU'JYS3(:NR^\-[Z`+&4))ZK%*C=C+4DU9




M)G(&6ZML!6:ACKN]BK8@3:NUC&XKE)!RC?C\].?\#YXVF/WD_P%02P
$%```

%`!4`'`!M;6UB+3(P
3
Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q5


3T;U_%R5?_\W_\/_^)L/_]^__[[AVY#&D4_$#.
M$__=5;Q(_DINO!7]@7RB
4V]/$G_2G[RH@+^)KD
(YJ2LV2UCFA.V0_BPS^0
M/WW[WB/OWEF(_8G&09)^N;NJQ2[S?/W#=]^]O+Q\&R?/WDN2_IY]ZR=VXNZ3

$O.O9Q1L9__

EWP/]=3)]8AP?PH;_`AS[\=_C0?R[_^MI[I-%7!@9
M'I5V_:4EJV3Z;FIE;VD:)L%%/$[K+K<C]=G82?,=#&CR3V[0Y)[T2CEFYR3

M)H=U_BX2+2W8%VFRTGZ^;*!$0_1K]%C+$RW)/JE0O$66THQ'`H
ZLJF]J?5*


M=V1W
O

&8MFK0<4T+*0O4FKC3D:
!EUK&+L)J#
!92\R!#V6V:
MK&F:;VZ9[GG3MM/-`_NV)AZSXIP2=0-





AZ_YD@^!
M9_;7MHC2L;KR429C5)Y*Q8<08T9E#4C[<[X\(?^=P0S@]J\3P^TB?%IRQ6]

X4?EC2EWB*GFA#:DM'1
M=&@P1#$E*K@08LN@JBG

MX$&N5.^X94E%9LC2JY^]WY*TTDYWPE)&..VFJDK1]LYJE\HY2HRJ*;%RT'QJ

W
/GSGKX3-##Y]A[.$SNQX^FZJ'



MH[

F:=`@FZUVI8G7?MG[%T;
RE;K]*FC0
MY4KNEUY*3[V
!I^2)

MTE1W9FU'H9
TDT3FB]VI&[UQ=28+JR/4<<M6SQ2*
0B^G^@N

=)0H/E
MG=3O@KTAC(0QWTRKY)$\(5N)IT2E4_]V4O9U*_OMNAF1*Y4O6:@&P1H
&9
M3*LN?$H:9+[Q)[H



M94.8=\^2.$_9PJ3P&$Q2N.4)$ZKN=K\-YZ2W^^U-:=WN-[
Y!^1P77NW^P4G
MQ$


MF/2S&/F


M1/^+K=NS(.2;==HTG)%K\N(C9A-Z94C4+

MU+2O33`_6=$'[W56Y
LDE;LA$_&TFU@ZA=N;5#)*-'#2JM??9`)BPJA)38[*
M=9TS];(\]
^2(L[3C=9A*6BG1)%6W2:(I(1H

MIS0IUE=Q3M/8$U6R&:#5`;
%TV1QL[4!=?ALY'`.GT%J=G$D^`AG)W.$_:?
M/K+Y[;Y@L?X?!3P:\&RJ3ZV@G31\TJG;IIDA
Z!9:-=_XQ914LX
6X`566

MR.@0(8*&7#


MQF4OU^_;P@//&ELZ=%/WNU3-+@!:1*B0(--

M2:=@$G9@PJ.A2X


LAU#DMGB
0O\R2KQN[EU!
RT8).JUH=`@0`2$OE8*





M_

*N]6:


M2X\A[Y)+UW:FM&Z@&EB0H,S6TU[.82$F@HLO+B8@&ET5*:DG=L(N



BO?#IO4]
Z=T0`E^T&48.&UT&E%CV@U



*VL$(=DO
MJ=*=M]X&4IWPB(GOIP4-&JK:I;M)+C(:`\P39;@MF!'@\3A.BO3WVLA@CLZ
M3PA!ELVZ#F.:S1=G*0UPS:+G'1:-Z=6MNWG^G1HX*51KN_I8@K'!WQ.BP4P



+:137
TL;PBFIG8)+';PI

MF((9P\ZJW;'=8V)UY(ZM2UW'$]0;73*MY



M1`6!%A\R)]=SUK9.W?$4:34UXHJH5.K)SQ(F]:QX@1


M.=!



7.T3O2E6CS2=+[C1C8

H5`?J'B`HJJG?8.D9,W/5L*2E_O
MY!1HH952_TBYR^<#
MAEDJMZSF5^R/JLA-1N@$'3U%I0BIJ?AI*N:!BE`



X!_V@*5`\UJEZRT9$8#V*$:6]YZ


U:831
&W-1
MR/8.7L7



HY!T5]@U&R'U[6%(2'T@=[5X-//
U

M^6+$VW]6O$[.5]B8(SURH6-$XUB':*L^F)$LI$7Q\96JV5H+FR^74?)BNJRD



B4:Z*Z^3NVN[$2W;I@:I+@0(-\'T.W+)403WZ0

)TSGBUF6
MT3S[H+#?Q#1ID2

ZMFI;LO^A@58(

M
%J(SGQ1*)HMO6CXK+DT:\?J%IAJ8_28[/




'\DYVL66H.?4U%EM&
M+
]]/QHT+!Z\AM0+P[&8MS'8;GFODX3%3^_%
MF4F8UXQ5

+^
M7-C.!\NPGOC;[:0?NJK#P_26W4_A!U:!D5S%9/M&UI87-70ABY?MX_J5A`
M*%L8:@%IC10T$?)HU4V'5Z]N?KJXQWEXE05&U14__X\B3.EGSU^&
4TW\%8&
M^QO^CIBBP6R9IT3Q


L).?UEWD-#E5
M9.:;-JU-:,5BYJ8T#35M/^04+!)PYMU37#V*+);U381H)$$?/
%]OQ%@=U
M;313G3QK;@=K)5N3).LD$RO2M;ZEVKN6MMOA-&%S1#7&T;VH-;]6572W8IOL

MMBUBE+.L3$
#P#@I88*17'9JIA%L0*6A=Y72
8)*28S%A]DJVD_HE/0\6

&

#!%

26$QQC7!/$0?EPP'J&Y#

MHX7V?=EAQ/F6[##5I1O&[\@I?0KC&%P0FT4%$-YF%R(L^3U


M68K*1NTZ-Z4C=HX@6PVEG@QXB&`B^9*6#@U.


MB












M3VHNDRB@:294O$ER:N^;!O!/NBL^U*S6QK@M



4\)LF$%-S-EQH@'@
M('7[)VU#%O.O(\HO;+%E0


FV


BF:QY)T2G8/
:4+3BA'-A#Q$VRX:

YI`:I*2]*6#&2LWT\





M[LOM*-`YBO=IA0[:\K
+]='H@`CAA$L_./C+':%LOKB/DAPFATM*X1`N3TO!





2#FP[60@Q/0@Q77^6[RM


M\=*@;(R?:


2
#2#V9TTY(E


8LC1


M;&_




OC#)R`XL[
MP!T.%WE:9&%

-3W9<D_^2K.]2;TW
MFLVL:#`]3%\C:'TH80HB#I2MFST]I?2)A2WB+.JM%P97\9GXJ`A@$GX6A`U*

KXJG41[



M_&5BFOI])+

M8]):F&/
7C2S.P31


37_EF\@_?JU#M4GW];WJ'=J--Z!_'M?R+OT#+XX-Y!



^\6$FSRI$LZ3E8Q&29YI'&U6GG@?S.T;R#TET\;J7`R;92
MC%A\PDFWHI141J-B





M5N
HOBRZ-G%


MCG/
6((%
TK

;`XG%A`E<(R5IT=)N5

=$=CI'_V?.784S333--J\M@ZABF

\

M%
^YYD._=K!S)(OH?:^`AI?@6;QU-LHNKHL6VF6NDZR-.=D)@B<7?7
M;4U7YRE-`CS2\_G9V++0[2G29HF+VQZ/?/6[)=\HVB?82*F=%MCC&NB=`@_

P#*Z=QP)U*FF10DPV=.[HR@MCYI-W
MF;-U0ER[/[.!)D^HEH`&LJ/4[IWF8T%Y$?LAVLO$E,X`[6WR&E*TJH$@XH

W/;L[CRIV2BU7U7SHH'L0(5[N=Z2IBZX
MX?E^*MX
*2MQ0U[YGZ/*NQL5B%I/D0Q8-BK1;CVQ;C3'Y8Q8\&TB.4[J5H

N:.O/=
.5PODW8#%AG2WA=YSN4YI@2'3U&YT-@C+;ZU,9)E8QK
M)NAP0%/RU'$S-/LI@8.#];/'GH=\BBVE3#'CV`/
-CPZ+6%)#3PWDE]PV*3







^FS
/Q







X83DG$I.
(CXV.Y

?^#


`L
I-2=XD=N-IER`U]X3^I#@+:
D\:&P\R




.8K1+AS4=*X1(=
MW7X!R3)FQP:T'NA3?'#RG:V#-EQO
^L@7W

ME

M.H6!


M&#LRV#I

MO('V.?;:7W`^01[4+


M@@?D8U57`KDF1`+E'4?Q99(N:`@71@\]24B_=$PSA::I]CE=2#Z#9S@=S#;E







M*_Z9:Z+NVMVE'%C1MS
G3M-0=J'P?J\S'$&BQ=B:VBO[_


MX]K'.?O]/I:#3PYM?_/%+$9[RT8F'5_`
4RYMQ%MC.F0:4*-(9IA\3DH6^4(

-Q<*'+JA]C1\'(8_&^E]3I*6Q0%.ZZ3%TT)F2D^


3J^%\E+NW?=<6G_G!;0.Y`=T
GN^N$LV7I1O[KR<SN

M.-R'K9I=\&SY8%9+!2=)&2M)8A+3G&3`C2/K5QE&GVFL/$_:)9HR?R97L)GD
M:E


YR_9R2))










MM@I`=PIWM`7=WA5D)(S)
]:EP3`'A
+7#'`KV#W(


?S.!-2%/4C!MM6

&FT+&+.?Y;

MIR8



9)O+]$V5
L)M(



M*^/&MHLW6/-I#]&HBHFQEEAZ&;V(PJ?P
:+;LF8L;)OY/IPB8P.0AL_*ZG0#
M)4Q7.&R4:=MR88/8G?O0\3KW2H.50@@MI8`;K6K=06$P3P@B:2WI0.\HQE-
MGQM6R&R6$$T&,:6-8IZ%#B`HE*KBX53\?1L$P$IS3T6-N8)^Q
7
D&AS`J2

MR





1_?=

@U?
M4I&9VUF]5./4T-*GF%OZU*ZE3U&T])FAI<\PM_2974N?H6CI<T-+GV-NZ7.[
MECY'T=(7AI:^P-S2%W8M?8&BI2\-+7V)N:4O[5KZ$D5+?S*T]?
+?W)KJ4_
MH6CI'PTM_2/FEO[1KJ5_1-'2_-K0.L_.DBBB?DZ#T\UG+RX6\*ASJND!`Q_.

<R+G--UDH4Y+QW2
MZV5;1ES=.U!KR1U\SD8J?E(*(%P*440+L-%=UXG7BR.'S\DL\65\6@&0/O
MSTGZNYA1X





MDE*NDWFUV0J7E%[\47@1P:K\_S\$:?;-(&\23\D&L*,M_,M-=?W-Q-N!1^



'WK[3J:L?EB4G`58RCPD\1\*Y7?39'0T*'^R]BA6W
GN=

J[9;`_KO&TR

V6X;HJ6V;;NUI&


&X'Q
M'=3;**@]0`[W4:RP.KC%.C#6NZGLS]7G(:DO`BNN`:E5(+4./)LKMMQ6VE









8/V:
9
/F
'&XHZS6:!@LQXGZ3^)*

%?=8@7)=@]SC8ZQVM)_&O
(8'7P'I







M729>RVX7%VH
M86G]BJO#9*IUNT+0.'Z!A3_.R.Q7-''[9UQM+-6MV\CB`5!&Y;R5YS'5-'+]


MXK2%;Y(8'GG\[/G+
*9IZYQ^=4X[F

MJL1T+B14A]0#`FEG(


]((OA^]6?0

%IB(HQ)
M*L20%9?C^BW8TCB^*+^*V1!X]G+*AH7/L]V]CK7FQ-6O0]76/A9;=:5(9
!I
M



M+Z


T-4Z2C:4;N-+

+3U*ZY^DJG6




W?D;4P#*M

LWSCJ*W%:4;$-
MH1U-JW:3'J9GK;]`Z:O1SNDZI'_8N]


DDIE'OH4BQIR$6#



M_A]%F%)I70%9W]IQ(NK7@0KWMC]*=AB;I0#RN54]H9;AN\OD[2YR\,C]S)*
MD(Y2&SZ$_6BEKK(7X7S%UZTMK6_*-4XE`\N(/TRAC$6WF7






M3

M&B^]

X$
ME!8K%&?7V\25E@?O55P[`65$MT$ACV[YDP%LB'`Y1-O^'3G!2Q@SJ6ZDU_RD



GC'YZ



MN^/M(W7#R/5`J[*J7T-


7[]S+E7



B?


MO:6Y/L6AR\[#;EX-M)=PP!C=&/-Z8I6=YQNJY
E=&:+W&3!$TI67]TPV3!




EI'3Q$[67O[('`?4)!.OROO^LZ]LZQ.8B30-:






H=T)ECPREIU1!#R`H/]@'BEP&YK!)=63
%M
EH5+#X:0A
M$(D?[4.BDF-S`

MZ?(D[0=%QT:3&B`0DS9?=@3



M\52ISUYVGZ5FY+2=

&X'1+OG0EM&
MH!B2XU;&_

M$&V
(B4R@*[&?

3)^@C;\U)+2+0:`=U/V


M:!`HI)T9MC)
JAT




*&6\!CTGWUSA
$S+SG.-*R)0=35N^NJ`!)6$';7F
M-)9`\P:N+C1;E_-CI9M!K=LRP8`66QLVKRM#669X]Z#R9_D9VRE97S`9Q1%
M/W.9\.J=5$!BL&



M@SCFJ)BBQP9`V)1%-^RODF--55O+@#E2*Q$!?*++Z)M0%3I3%9;TB8OE]_
MP1!`JKOU$9MJ3@KWOB;/D

]'
MQ


6EU`UCU9/F&D
9+WW1
MJG)4RJD_

-5V5P:%].S0@VYCWLS[NU3A;J;-
MXMH^QU_?6Q!



M;^XS!^5&!(]A.@SAC&J@+UKK5:*Z+V61IP.83JBH09*8)BKQ64KRKNUFQ6
M(/PL?RT*ZVTZJD`?&A6T8AG9BNI-^





)9
M;L




M)5V@&G!NMT^S];Q2+G:LXT5#`PB?I`L4OG-[8O3A4\JE_S
7+JLV3N%PY3BW


RU
MHA!V)/-*-IL@%9
;[

MZ1)@TF(QTB[@_`*=0:$I5P+ES;++7OY^NB^H(@3?%?Y2N`0_E9JT6I?5
;

M$B8G5F:;8-91PA6


E#\X
M%\Y!
.P?V7`\`^5A0

@*YF

8GG%@+
M1#MJB
CC]LBM\UAM53[K+TTF7=7#2'F:-5QV'


T@
D0






4QN!D+.M
))](8Q7
Y1

X


(Z
MBO&:7UB(
3MM9[H(M#8XU8QV%

M\X#=39=BUIY66F+I?Y&%0T4Y./2R/L9K

M)!7S_9^'PD!$


E^A9.<$X[.-:I0


MRK+6EL=N1#M`;S8%&BO'3AB'PYI![9C%*T0/E'Y$ZR=$Q=`+FIMV#S75\1-
MI4*QX^;E8
[^W\2E


M,EO!Z+#:\,VX#^^26CE&Z;/SEIZT`'_Y[I0STM613F)G]D3ZCV_3EL%-
7


M@_8N074+(K3MO#S)TT`Q\D=1A-(5[!:[3SA(B]#KZX'F@*9-K29*4$MVMBG`


M2Z'


M4
TPEZ@SCE_VLYTA&M]:*HYM@,-(5<[I\Q8J&#

MTNSLB';V5#L+0IV






2=GN4\&O_3L
$\EMT(QCPVL/DB4BE9U


M6^S*L2D
M5;W(N-MA\O;2\P;`

M8VX[LU]?9\QM9:BV(H9.UL?P_3[X3*_FVPY\)HA)T
.B.@=YL^-6]IOZE627
MQ`Z
J?HQLUOM):%_XBH#:E[A:N%8FZI^O7&:(8)H/OWLC_+8FRHJ6/9$;Q

M
V)P1@S.B
$9

M'L-W12@E7WX'+L;]IMX*V9,;Q33QRLY;?SLHZ`[%A.JRB_?MG@K([PA*U+
MEWJ(ECJ;/FPU!E(@#COPX]S=A(RG)#W$\[K2C&1.J'R%$?4Q?;K10DO-O!T@



^$R_+5FZWB44Q7`FT\5U4L@/:8X74


2VWW#Y
MN

M#%U-R(:(.LLBM2R.JNHU4UZCYT?OA[):+%@*S8C/!JS/Y:$YK?;\B[NN/U

MLPOT




MYK7




*K)6#P


MFQ8&S;MJRJ\YM+C2EZ7`




^DL[(







MLC;CFN)(K0R31HJSJEHNK%KL].'W*H]:6/\;-J*[A;/L95.(-)(3QS`NP(
M25_C`&D;#TI!F

MGFH.+PS!$W[.%F.R7K.9SR4NY@+0U?14J@:DG+$-)@([[K%3DK(:'I.$XG#)
M5@)
_'19C[*?3PGE.3QE)@)\#-

M5CLFP+2+%::YX6CH_-5Y0*83Z.0/[6@$?J(Z%)XVM49P'2XF!Q776ZZO9PH
M?3Y=U&YIA3/[+PX#UPOU3+1M06\O^F0


M&GG$CF1KA`Y@/.4L;'/4DT='9\Z[A#MT9XM?N&^-%X5)5PO!9!(U-IY95CUO
MY'S:


N
MLY(\J3T3P*/PR)H]@-_6SZ%_P#-V'

MV-=%SR;-R(OQ\R'8H3K&X3M0C


MM.)3O0BKZ$S$M6_N-YF#.G9IW/_;^Y\S5T68N6V[4[_3[_0C'*03X5IRZI;=

B*2A0O?G_8Q*

FE5_KY2LZR&K:7#2%'

*H
&E

B[]1&;:D[L*#!Q0INJ;H2@N66HR#3N!0!0PV+.+2#3;X5VL^
MY.U.FMGA

M

M1

M

&14:-^@')XPF)9\

OQ9&N;`6+L?S%@4CJ=ZI_

MM1
!NV$(UHL,0TJY

A_)A&AV_WG5/:`K`-P=O_8^NRN%%B%3)7
1=SK\9JB[I]DZ*=\\+<I3%&T2
I
MA`$4;F3DIV-0YSYLC3K\%

5N.'8W
M.':#!^0E%'-J;F_'TK4/T
]X_B@M]3NZ`X8*I:.]:(ZHQR6U1+/%/=FZ0;R]
M9RO#++Q#\8





!



M*'(7


?T?DJ'_
_
M+


H+GI`YE*QTXPD3)M

-I-F



MU).

=TWYJDE[_E;'X\QDUW,RNS`;QO9@?O/%[MQIQC$IRO_
$X

QTZT

MBOW1ARFA_#HQ83S#IRV6(W:*87ZM'[9R2W*=7^Z
GN_J.1VZ3U#_7/_NY(

HTFER4=UQNB?MT!?
M0BT[6

!5;
<IT
M@^(NEN`BUS

V%].




P

0*'8L3%-T%-\
F)!=?Q9^
M=BGF*RYGXA(*IVP$TQ&\-<%4^4UO$PI<BPO/%8II#H5QPQ66U7ST.FF^)&$

M)0X```0Y`0``[3UK;^


A)99YA0;






6)?.VDR


D^.5D2X@BEZ.0CO68O0)TR


M629



L1\S@2!




(M-CJ=Z(+T9*B:\S;1#


=,0Y\LK`X;ILQ1
M;*\J1/2FS)3YDQ9



MP!!CUY'WJ



3U;MIBQ5R15/N)HDA64Y`5]
M
)OH'^EK

*

!'@'
)'_

=(9=M7_M%%%W[N8@=8CDB



MPWIP4-/CC:3CVO!Z9Y/





XFD
X@W`HF
M3:G\([4UTH7DR7F\@K1PS424CC4U3W\(X@/P1$R=T$&1/V_R*<#82O`U];D

CLR7'#]A8

M&[6=X&

MB54O4;.7%]SLO



R=4
+:]
WLKP!'

M!%*9DN=6B%
`M0VP3RJ$@;XA?[2`9^`R2@H$!
Q?E]18]LR-9$?T.+FG*R!J

M:[AVO!^NIHM@83Y[NY4E?LACY#Y:F-TK'8[GTR7))L
2VG)-F!%RMKIAG+
7

!W]BH]XS;*L<9\HBOF1H8OR[<C^9CRY?
V$GQ8&

MJ9P9E+EE$IMOLA)P=0U!7M!

+S%-1Q(\V95)?%J


MGMQBDM!


ZGSGE%
M@#4J3`Z)'/A

W




M;E=T1)^UZG&6L@``U($)`!$`&````````0```*2!`````&UM;6(M
C`Q
S$R
M

M1&:WT%3:$```=
0``!4`&````````0```*2!X;(``&UM;6(M
C`Q
S$R
S%?



#$S
3(S
M


C`Q
S$R
M

M`&Y7=$1V*__N
Q(``$/````1`!@```````$```D@71U`0!M;6UB+3(P,3,Q
M,C,Q+GAS9%54!0`#3P(K4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H
(``#RAP$`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

524
616


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

257
374
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




after the balance sheet date through the date when the consolidated financial statements were issued to determine if they must
be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were certain reportable subsequent events to be disclosed as follow.




 2014
 MamaMancini&#146;s
Inc. (&#147;Mama&#146;s&#148;) a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&#146;s Holdings
 Inc. (the
&#147;Company&#148;)
 entered into a Sale and Security Agreement (the &#147;Sale and Security Agreement&#148;) with Faunus
Group International
 Inc. (&#147;FGI&#148;) to provide for a $1.5 million secured demand credit facility backed by its receivables
and inventory (the &#147;FGI Facility&#148;). The Sale and Security Agreement has an initial three (3) year term (the &#147;Original
Term&#148;) and shall be extended automatically for an additional one (1) year for each succeeding term unless written notice
of termination is given by either party at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Original Term or any extension thereof.
The Company and certain of its affiliates also entered into guarantees to guarantee the performance of the obligations under the
Sale and Security Agreement (the &#147;Guaranty Agreements&#148;). Mama&#146;s also granted FGI a security interest in and lien
upon all of Mama&#146;s right
 title and interest in and to all of Mama&#146;s Collateral (as defined in the Sale and Security
Agreement).


 FGI can elect
to purchase eligible accounts receivables (&#147;Purchased Accounts&#148;) up to 70% of the value of such receivables (retaining
a 30% reserve). At FGI&#146;s election
 FGI may advance Mama&#146;s up to 70% of the value of any Purchased Accounts
 subject
to the FGI Facility. Reserves retained by FGI on any Purchased Accounts are expected to be refunded to Mama&#146;s net of interest
and fees on advances once the receivables are collected from customers. The interest rate on advances or borrowings under the FGI
Facility will be the greater of (i) 6.75% per annum and (ii) 2.50% above the rate of interest designated by FGI as its selected
&#147;Prime Rate&#148; or &#147;Base Rate&#146;
 as the case may be (which as of the date hereof is based upon the Wall Street
Journal
 Money Rates Section). Any advances or borrowings under the FGI Facility are due on demand.


collateral management fees of 0.42% of the average monthly balance of Purchased Accounts. The minimum monthly net funds employed
during each contract year hereof shall be $500
000. Additionally
 Mama&#146;s paid FGI a one-time facility fee equal to 1% of
the FGI Facility upon entry into the Sale and Security Agreement.


by the Company on January 10
 2014.




 2014
 MamaMancini&#146;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) changed its fiscal year-end date to January 31. The Company&#146;s 2014 fiscal year
shall commence on February 1
 2014 and conclude on January 31
 2015. The Company will file an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31
 2013 and will also file a transitional report with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
for the period of January 1
 2014 to January 31
 2014.




 2014 through March 14
 2014
the Company issued 536
667 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $805
000 in proceeds in connection with the private
placement of the Company&#146;s stock. The Company incurred approximately $104
650 in stock issuance costs in conjunction with
the placement and issued Spartan 53
667 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

741
621

582
845


        

190
595

230
589


        

551
026

352
256


        
        
        


        

408

372


        

470
586

271
160


        

489
994

339
532


        

938
968)

987
276)


        
        
        


        

640)

347)


        

640)

347)


        

947
608)

999
623)


        
        
        


        

012
920

358
333




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 includes dividends associated with redeemable preferred stock of a subsidiary that is treated as a liability in the parent's consolidated balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Investments in and Advances to Affiliates
 Schedule of Investments [Abstract]
        


        
        




interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&#147;MO&#148;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using
the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&#146;s equity in the
undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011 the investment was brought down to $0 due to losses incurred
by MO.


interest in MO fell to 28% due to dilution.


interest in MO fell to 15.8% due to dilution.


2013 and 2012
 sales to MO were $85
541 and $73
768
 respectively. At December 31
 2013 and 2012 the accounts receivable balance
from MO was $1
457 and $12
680
 respectively.


 the Company loaned MO $30
000
for working capital purposes. The loan was non-interest bearing
 unsecured and due on June 19
 2013. The loan was paid in full
on July 8
 2013.


Meatball Obsession
 LLC is as follows:



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
371
    
    
    
117
777
    

    
    
    
7
895
    
    
    
5
234
    

    
    
    
11
417
    
    
    
14
935
    

Property &#38; equipment
 net
    
    
165
398
    
    
    
75
861
    

    
    
    
51
368
    
    
    
60
370
    

    
    
    
286
449
    
    
    
274
177
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
139
    
    
    
25
731
    

    
    
    
28
480
    
    
    
8
354
    

    
    
    
49
619
    
    
    
34
085
    

    
    
    
236
830
    
    
    
240
092
    

    
    
    
286
449
    
    
    
274
177
    




    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
566
354
    
    
    
315
493
    

    
    
    
220
672
    
    
    
129
571
    

    
    
    
794
648
    
    
    
534
961
    

    
    
    
(448
966
    
    
    
(349
039
    

    
    
    
(4
296
    
    
    
(1
988
    

    
    
    
(453
262
    
    
    
(351
027
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 2010 the Company signed
a revolving note (the &#147;Note&#148;) with Provident Bank (the &#147;Bank&#148;) for $1
000
000. The available balance of
this Note was reduced to $400
000 and extended to September 1
 2013. The outstanding balance accrues interest at a variable rate
of 1.00% over the Wall Street Journal prime rate with a floor of 4.50% per annum. (Starting July 2013 the interest rate floor increased
to 5%) Interest is payable monthly and the rate as of December 31
 2012 was 4.50%.


receivables (75 days from invoice) and 35% of finished goods inventory (Starting July 2013 advances are limited to 70% of eligible
receivables). Inventory advances shall be capped at $250
000. Concentrations from any one customer exceeding 30% of total accounts
receivable will be excluded from the borrowing base availability. The note is secured by accounts receivable
 inventory
 financial
instruments
 equipment
 general intangibles and investment property and personal and unconditional guarantees of two of the shareholders
of the Company.


note at December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $0 and $200
000
 respectively. On September 9
 2013 the Note was repaid and cancelled.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2013 and 2012 the amount
due from the Manufacturer is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
575
255
    
    
    
301
447
    

    
    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(243
734
    
    
    
(142
247
    

    
    
    
781
521
    
    
    
159
200
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


        
        



statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions
impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory obsolescence
 the fair value of share-based payments.


to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating
its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could
differ significantly from our estimates.


        
        



competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#146;s operations are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including
financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in
the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability
include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local
markets in which the Company competes
 including the general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining
to food and beverages in connection with the Company&#146;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it
difficult to project the Company&#146;s operating results on a consistent basis.


        
        



instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at December
31
 2013 and December 31
 2012.


associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times
may exceed federally insured limits.


        
        



amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the
receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.


        
        



using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
112
279
    
    
    
76
570
    




        
        


at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


of depreciation are:



    
    

    
    



        
        



 the
fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between
willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#146;s short term financial instruments
approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.


        
        



as incurred. Upon the completion of the offering
 the stock issuance costs are reclassified to equity. Offering costs recorded
to equity for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were$1
604
000 and $1
088
964
 respectively.


        
        



as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were$19
408 and $68
372
 respectively.


        
        



revenue and the related freight costs as cost of sales.


        
        



when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the
sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.


shipment.


discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
9
282
562
    
    
    
4
948
254
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
540
941
    
    
    
365
409
    

    
    
    
8
741
621
    
    
    
4
582
845
    




        
        



related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#146;s products. Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
and print production costs.


        
        



advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were$2
440
424 and $1
460
000
 respectively.


        
        



compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718
 &#147;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&#148; (&#147;ASC 718&#148;) which
establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value based method
of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option
plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50
&#147;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services&#148;.


share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the Statement of Operations. For the years ended December 31
 2013
and 2012 share based compensation amounted to $894
827 and $438
122
 respectively.$731
894 of the $894
827 recorded for the year
ended December 31
 2013 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.
The $438
122 recorded for the year ended December 31
 2012 was a direct cost of a stock offering and has been recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.


 2013
when computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&#146;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.

    
    

    
For the year ended December 31
 2012
 when computing fair value of share based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Given the Company was privately held
 expected volatility was benchmarked against similar companies in a similar industry. The expected volatility used had a range of 128%-147%.

    
    

    
The forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&#146;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.




        
        



by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
 adjusted for changes in income or loss that resulted from
the assumed conversion of convertible shares
 by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
 common stock equivalents
and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period.



following potential common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

854

    




common stock equivalents at December 31
 2012:



Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00
    
    
505
400
    

Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00
    
    
223
404
    

    
    
    
728
804
    



during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the effect of considering any common stock equivalents
 would have been anti-dilutive.
A separate computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share is not presented.


        
        



Accounting for Income Taxes. A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and
tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the period
of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


        
        



that are expected to have an effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        








054
000 shares
for cash proceeds of $5
054
000 ($1.00/share).




Note 1) the Company had a deemed issuance of 800
000 shares of common stock.


 2013 through December 31
2013
 the Company issued 3
333
375 shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $5
000
000 in proceeds in connection with
the private placement of the Company&#146;s stock.




 the Company sold 533
333
shares of common stock to investors in exchange for $800
000 in proceeds in connection with the private placement of the Company&#146;s
stock. As of December 31
 2013 the shares had not been issued.


placement the Company incurred fees of $1
604
000 consisting of $872
106 in cash and 386
666 warrants with a fair value of $731
894.




option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
223
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
223
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
223
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
318
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding December 31
 2013
    
    
    
541
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    
428
845
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
541
404
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
428
845
    
    
    
    



 2013 and December 31
2012
 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $812
106 and $0
 respectively.


 2013
 the Company
has $90
931 in stock based compensation related to stock options that is yet to be vested. The weighted average expensing period
of the unvested options is .8 years.




warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; January 01
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
505
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
505
400
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2012
    
    
    
505
400
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
386
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#150; December 31
 2013
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
892
067
    
    
    
    



 2013 and December 31
2012
 the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $1
144
767 and $0
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






 2010
 the Company entered
into a five year agreement with a Manufacturer (the &#147;Manufacturer&#148;) who is a related party. The Manufacturer is owned
by the CEO and President of the Company. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the Manufacturer a revocable license
to use the Company&#146;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of Company&#146;s products
for manufacturing the Company&#146;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions and replacements developed
by the Company. The Manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product. Under the terms of the
agreement the Manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&#146;s products and the Company has the right
to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains a perpetual automatic
renewal clause for a period of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal period either party may cancel
the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.


the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense
for packaging and shipping materials or in the Manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in
ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping
materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the
product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the Manufacturer for any labor costs incurred
in repackaging. Per the agreement
 all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


2013 and 2012
 the Company purchased substantially all of it&#146;s inventory from the Manufacturer. At December 31
 2013 and
December 31
 2012
 the Company has a deposit on inventory in the amount of $359
506 and $192
956
 respectfully
 to this Manufacturer.

Due from Manufacturer &#150; related
party


 2013
and 2012
the Manufacturer received payments on behalf of the Company for the Company&#146;s customer invoices and the Manufacturer
incurred expenses on behalf of the Company for shared administrative expenses and salary expenses. In addition the Company made
several unsecured loans to the Manufacturer during 2013. The loan to the Manufacturer is unsecured
 does not bear interest and
is due on demand. At December 31
 2013 and 2012 the amount due from the Manufacturer is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
575
255
    
    
    
301
447
    

    
    
    
450
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(243
734
    
    
    
(142
247
    

    
    
    
781
521
    
    
    
159
200
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






 2013 and
2012
 the Company had the following concentrations of revenues with customers:



    
    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2013 and 2012
 the
Company had the following concentrations of accounts receivable with customers:



    
    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2013
and 2012
 the Company had the following concentrations of purchases from vendors:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



Litigations
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become
involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company
is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a
material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
 the Company was assigned
a Development and License agreement (&#147;the Agreement&#148;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop
for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 Italian sausage with sauce and other similar Italian meats with sauces for
commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &#147;Licensor Product&#148; and collectively the &#147;Licensor Products&#148;).
Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product
by Licensee
 Licensor&#146;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such
Licensor Products (the &#147;Recipes&#148;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each
December 31 is referred to herein as an &#147;Agreement Year.&#148;


1
 2009 (the &#147;Effective Date&#148;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended
as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between
the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement
Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &#147;Minimum
Royalty&#148;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement
and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty five (25)
years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee
that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
 or until terminated by Licensee


in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within sixty (60)
days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights
are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement



    
    
Termination by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on sixty (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.



Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:


Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &#147;Royalty Rate&#148;)
 multiplied by Company&#146;s &#147;Net
Sales&#148;. As used herein
 &#147;Net Sales&#148; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly to unrelated
third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or
granted from the billed amount (collectively &#147;Discounts&#148;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually granted upon
claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &#147;Credits&#148;); (c) freight
 postage
shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when
included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance
with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.


sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each
Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in
excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    



031 and $134
121
of royalty expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Royalty expenses are included in general and
administrative expenses on the Statement of Operations.




 2011


and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#147;Spartan&#148;) effective December 1
 2011 (the &#147;Spartan
Advisory Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act as the Company&#146;s exclusive financial
advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &#147;Financing&#148;)
of up to $6 million of the Company&#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &#147;Securities&#148;).


pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing.
The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the
&#147;Warrants&#148;) to purchase a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares
of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible
or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing
on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors
in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange
price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided
herein with respect to each such closing.


 the Company shall
pay up to $40
000 for expenses incurred by Spartan in connection with this Financing
 together with cost of background checks on
the officers and directors of the Company.


to Spartan fees of $505
400 and issued Spartan 505
400 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.00.


 2013


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#147;Spartan&#148;) effective May 2
 2013 (the
&#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act as the Company&#146;s
exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the
&#147;Financing&#148;) of up to $5 million of the Company&#146;s equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments
(the &#147;Securities&#148;).


pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and up to 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant
and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &#147;Warrants&#148;)
to purchase a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities)
sold at such closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which
they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in
the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing
is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such
closing.


monthly fee of $10
000 over a twelve to twenty four month period upon Spartan&#146;s satisfaction of certain thresholds (raising
of aggregate gross proceeds of $4.0mil-$5.0mil) outlined in the Spartan Advisory Agreement. On October 29
 2013 the Company entered
into an amendment to the Agreement and the $10
000 monthly fee was cancelled.


 2013 the
Company paid to Spartan fees of $650
000 and issued Spartan 333
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.


 2013


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#147;Spartan&#148;) effective October 22
 2013
(the &#147;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#148;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 Spartan will act
 for a minimum of
twenty-four months from the date of the agreement
 as the Company&#146;s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent to assist
the Company in connection with a best efforts private placement (the &#147;Financing&#148;) of up to $2.5 million of the Company&#146;s
equity and/or debt securities and/or convertible instruments (the &#147;Securities&#148;).


pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver
to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five year warrants (the &#147;Warrants&#148;) to purchase
a number of shares of the Company&#146;s Common Stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of Common Stock (and/or shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such
closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five year period commencing on the closing to which they relate
at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of Common Stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of
exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated
by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


monthly fee of $10
000 for the term of the agreement. Such monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.


 2013 the
Company paid to Spartan financing fees of $104
000 and issued Spartan 53
333 five year warrants with an exercise price of $1.50.




 2011
 the Company entered
into a five year agreement with a non-related party manufacturer. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company grants to the manufacturer
a revocable license to use the Company&#146;s recipes
 formulas
 methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of
Company&#146;s products
 for manufacturing the Company&#146;s product and all future improvements
 modifications
 substitutions
and replacements developed by the Company. The manufacturer in turn grants the Company the exclusive right to purchase the product.
Under the terms of the agreement the manufacturer agrees to manufacture
 package
 and store the Company&#146;s products and the
Company has the right to purchase products from one or more other manufacturers
 distributors or suppliers. The agreement contains
a perpetual automatic renewal clause for additional periods of one year after the expiration of the initial term. During the renewal
periods either party may cancel the contract with written notice nine months prior to the termination date.


the Company specifies any change in packaging or shipping materials which results in the manufacturer incurring increased expense
for packaging and shipping materials or in the manufacturer being unable to utilize obsolete packaging or shipping materials in
ordinary packaging or shipping
 the Company agrees to pay as additional product cost the additional cost for packaging and shipping
materials and to purchase at cost such obsolete packaging and shipping materials. If the Company requests any repackaging of the
product
 other than due to defects in the original packaging
 the Company will reimburse the manufacturer for any labor costs incurred
in repackaging. Per the agreement all product delivery shipping costs are the expense of the Company.


 the
Company is required to acquire and install production equipment at the manufacturer&#146;s facility to be used solely for the
manufacturing of the Company&#146;s products. The manufacturer will bear all costs of operating and maintaining the production
equipment during the period in which the manufacturer is manufacturing products pursuant to the agreement. The production equipment
shall be owned by the Company.


 the agreement was terminated
and production equipment held by the manufacturer was returned to the Company.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Common stock warrants
 exercise price range
        
        


Common stock options
 exercise price
        
        



          

        
        


Common stock warrants
 exercise price range
        
        



          

        
        


Common stock warrants
 exercise price range
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        



          

        


        

000






        


        

000



          

        


        

000



          

        


        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


 2013 and 2012 are
as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
982
017
    
    
    
39
627
    

    
    
    
982
017
    
    
    
39
627
    

    
    
    
52
521
    
    
    
22
176
    

    
    
    
929
496
    
    
    
17
451
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Schedule of Warrants Outstanding and Exercisable (Details) (Warrant [Member]
 USD $)

        
        
        

      















          

        
        
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        
        
        


Range of exercise price
 higher limit
        
        
        


        

067
        
        


        
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Warrants Outstanding
        
        
        


        

067

400
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Warrants Exercisable
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

255

447


        

000
        


        

734)

247)


        

521

200




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
        

401
573
        

352
410)

313


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011

000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

053
949
        
        

054
000


Common stock issued for cash
 shares

054
000
        
        
        

054
000


        
        

122
        
        

122


        
        

088
964)
        
        

088
964)


        
        
        
        

999
623)

999
623)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        

804
680
        

352
033)

452
848


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012

054
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

999
967
        
        

000
000


Common stock issued for cash
 shares

333
375
        
        
        
        


Common stock subscribed 
 533
333 shares
        

995
        
        

000


        
        

008)
        
        

000)


Recapitalization
 shares

000
        
        
        
        


        
        

933
        
        

933


        
        

894
        
        

894


        
        

604
000)
        
        

604
000)


        
        
        
        

947
608)

947
608)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        

600
461
        

299
641)

301
067


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013

187
375
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        




 2013 and 2012 are
as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
982
017
    
    
    
39
627
    

    
    
    
982
017
    
    
    
39
627
    

    
    
    
52
521
    
    
    
22
176
    

    
    
    
929
496
    
    
    
17
451
    



 2013 machinery and equipment in the amount
of $826
340 was not in service.


December 31
 2013 and 2012 amounted to $33
891 and $12
564 respectively.


2013
 a vehicle with an original cost of $18
889 and adjusted basis of $15
343 was raffled off during a marketing &#38; promotion
campaign.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(945
289
    
    
    
(599
149
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(361
363
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
306
652
    
    
    
599
149
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


(liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
939
069
    
    
    
599
149
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
939
069
    
    
    
599
149
    

    
    
    
(1
905
801
    
    
    
(599
149
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
33
268
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
268
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(33
268
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
Year ended December 31
 2013
    
    
Year ended December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

741
621

582
845


        

000
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Total investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC
        

032
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

541

768


        
        
        

457

680


        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        

				 2013
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
112
279
    
    
    
76
570
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        


at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


of depreciation are:



    
    

    
    




        
        


discounts are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
9
282
562
    
    
    
4
948
254
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
540
941
    
    
    
365
409
    

    
    
    
8
741
621
    
    
    
4
582
845
    




        
        


following potential common stock equivalents at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    


    



    
    


    



    
    


    

    
    
    

854

    



common stock equivalents at December 31
 2012:



Common stock warrants
 exercise price of $1.00
    
    
505
400
    

Common stock options
 exercise price of $1.00
    
    
223
404
    

    
    
    
728
804
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













