

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-18-007220
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180516
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180516
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		18838743
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the year ended January 31
 2018



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
File
    Number)
    
Identification
    Number)


25
Branca Road
East
Rutherford
 NJ 07073
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)


(Former
name or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No&nbsp;[X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No&nbsp;[X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;[X] No&nbsp;[ &nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;[X] No&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 31
 2017
 based
on a closing price of $1.18 was approximately $17
352
015.

As of May 15
 2018
 the registrant had 31
793
944 shares of its common stock
 0.00001 par value per share
issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.





    
    


Table
of Contents



    
    

PART
    I
    

    
    

ITEM
    1. BUSINESS.
    

Item
    1A. Risk Factors
    

Item
    1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
    

Item
    2. Properties.
    

Item
    3. Legal Proceedings.
    

Item
    4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
    

    
    

PART
    II
    

    
    

Item
    5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

Item
    6. Selected Financial Data.
    

Item
    7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
    

Item
    7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    

Item
    8. Financial Statements.
    

Item
    9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    

Item
    9A. Controls and Procedures.
    

Item
    9B. Other Information.
    

    
    

PART
    III
    

    
    

Item
    10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

Item
    11. Executive Compensation.
    

Item
    12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    

Item
    13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

ITEM
    14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.
    

    
    

PART
    IV
    

    
    

Item
    15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules
    

    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

Included
in this Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;
Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after
the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Our
History

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Mascot Properties
Inc.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;) activities since its inception consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
primarily related to student housing
 and services which included general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination
for residents. Mascot did not have any significant development of such business and did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack
of results in its attempt to implement its original business plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders
to look for other potential business opportunities.

On
February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey
in order to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units
(the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain
options to purchase an additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of
the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Inc.

On
January 24
 2013
 Mascot
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama&rsquo;s
 with Mama&rsquo;s surviving
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place
on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). Mascot acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of Mama&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing Mama&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Merger
 the Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders
became the majority shareholders of Mascot.

Immediately
following the Closing of the Agreement
 Mascot changed its business plan to that of Mama&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 Mascot received
notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) that its application to change its name and symbol
had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 Mascot began trading under its new name
 &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
Inc.&rdquo; (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and under its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


    
    


On November 1
 2017
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 a New Jersey corporation
(&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;)
 and MMMB Acquisition
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Merger
Sub&rdquo;)
 completed a merger transaction whereby JEFE merged with and into Merger Sub
 with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving
entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and in connection with the
merger
 the Company acquired all assets of JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment of the Inter-Company
Loan between the parties
 (b) the assumption by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses (c) assumption by
the Company of certain third-party loans to JEFE totaling approximately $782
000 and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect
to his collateralization of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount of approximately $250
000. As a result of the transaction
 (i) the
Company became the sole shareholder of JEFE
 which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. No cash or stock was exchanged
in connection with the transaction.

Our
Company

MamaMancini&rsquo;s roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo;
Mancini emigrated from Bari
 Italy to Bay Ridge
 Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old world Italian recipes
that were handed down to her grandson
 Dan Dougherty. Today we market a line of all-natural specialty prepared
 frozen and refrigerated
foods for sale in retailers around the country. Our primary products include beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 all with
slow cooked Italian Sauce.

Our
products are all natural
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna
&ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic
colors and preservatives that are used in many conventional packaged foods.

The
United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted
to the USDA and approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling
Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains
no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or
poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves
your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural
label.


product offerings which are packaged in different sized retail and bulk packages. Our products are principally sold in multiple
sections of the supermarket
 including: hot bars
 salad bars
 prepared foods (meals)
 sandwich
 as well as cold deli and foods-to-go
sections. Our products are also sold in the frozen food and fresh meat sections. We sell directly to both food retailers and food
distributors.

Finally
 we also sell our products on QVC through live on-air offerings
 auto ship programs and for every
day purchases on their web site. QVC is the world&rsquo;s largest direct to consumer marketer.


    
    


During the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately
40% and 10% of gross sales. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company earned revenues from two representing approximately
28% and 13% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2018
 these two customers represented approximately 43% and 15% of total gross outstanding
receivables
 respectively. As of January 31
 2017
 these two customers represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross outstanding
receivables
 respectively. We depend heavily on these customers. We have grown the number of food retailers (supermarkets) carrying
our products to approximately 12
200 supermarkets in January 2018. In the supermarkets that carry our products
 we sell an average
of 3.63 of our stock keeping units (&ldquo;SKUs&rdquo;). The number of supermarkets carrying our products multiplied by the number
of our SKUs carried at those supermarkets equals shelf placements for our products. We have grown the number of shelf placements
to approximately 43
800 in January 2018.

The
Company continually reviews it accounts in order focus on maximum performance
 and as a result periodically eliminates under-performing
accounts.

Industry
Overview

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic Italian and are made
with high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 including
frozen
 deli- prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment of the meat department. The overall size of the specialty prepared
food business was calculated by the National Association for the Specialty Food Trade in association with Mintel Research at over
$109 billion in 2015 and has grown 22% since 2012.

Our products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic
Italian and are made with high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
including frozen
 deli- prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment 


Our
Strengths

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brand:



    
    
Authentic
Our products are founded upon Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini&rsquo;s old world Italian recipes.
    We believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current customers
    and will help us attract new customers. Additionally
 we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding the
    great taste and quality of our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
Our products are made only from high quality natural ingredients
 including domestic inspected beef
    whole Italian tomatoes
 genuine imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs
 natural breadcrumbs
 olive oil and other herbs and spices.
    Our products are also simple to prepare. Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 thereby providing
    quick and easy meal solutions for our customers. By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging
 our meatballs
    can be prepared quickly and easily.

    
    
    

    
    
Great
We strive to provide our customers with a great tasting product using all natural ingredients at an affordable
    price. Typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages ranges from $5.99 to $7.49
 and $5.99 to $8.99 for bulk products sold in
    delis or hot bars. We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent a great value for the price.

    
    
    

    
    
New
Since our inception
 we have continued to introduce new and innovative products. While we pride on ourselves
on our traditional beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork meatballs
 we have continuously made efforts to grow and diversify our line of
products while maintaining our high standards for all natural
 healthy ingredients and great taste. New items introduced in the
last two years include:





    
Five
    Cheese Stuffed Beef Meatballs
Antibiotic
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs
    

    
Chicken
    Parmigiana Stuffed Meatballs
Gluten
    Free Beef and Turkey Meatballs
    

    
Chicken
    Florentine Stuffed Meatballs
Cocktail
    Beef and Turkey Meatballs
    

    
Grass-Fed
    Antibiotic-Free Beef Meatballs
Beef
    and Turkey Original Meat Loaves
    

    
    
Vegetarian Meatballs
    
Sausage
 Peppers
 Onions and Sauce
    

    
Stuffed
    Pepper Filling
Chicken
    Parmigiana
    



    
    






    
    
Strong
Many of our consumers are loyal and enthusiastic brand advocates. Our consumers trust us to deliver great-tasting
products made with all-natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website and/or social media
channels. We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired enthusiasm for our
brand. We also believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases and new consumers
trying our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
We have a proven and experienced senior management team. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 Carl
    Wolf
 has been with us since inception and has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of food companies.
    Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company
    engaged in the development
 marketing and distribution of cheese
 deli meats and other specialty food products
 which was
    sold to Land O&rsquo;Lakes
 Inc. In addition
 the other members of our board of directors also have significant experience
    in the food industry.


Our
Growth Strategy

We
are actively executing a strategy to build our brand&rsquo;s reputation
 grow sales and improve our product and operating margins
by pursuing the following growth initiatives:



    
    
Increase
. We strive for product placements in the perishable departments
    of retail locations. We believe adding shelf placements within the supermarkets that carry our products will increase customer
    awareness
 leading to more consumers purchasing our products and expanding our market share.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. Increase sales in the &ldquo;Fresh&rdquo; section (in the perimeter of the retainer)
    where there is significant sales growth and higher margins
 over products in the &ldquo;Frozen&rdquo; section which are showing
    zero to negative growth.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
. We intend to increase sales by expanding the number of retail stores that sell our products
        in the mainstream grocery and mass merchandiser channels.
        

    
    
Increase
. We have an experienced sales staff and now employ one full time Vice President of Sales as well as
    our Co-Founder Dan Dougherty
 Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Matthew Brown
 our President
 each
    of whom is involved with selling to
 and managing sales with
 major supermarket chains.

    
    
    

    
    
Expand
. We currently work with retail food brokers nationwide and intend to add additional food brokers
    to increase our geographical coverage in the United States to approximately 90%.

    
    
    

    
    
Enhance
. We have increased our social media activity with Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 and YouTube.
    We also engage with consumers through newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and special projects
 including a bank of recipe videos
    and contests and giveaways. Targeted consumer merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in
    rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op retail advertising will continue into the future in order to increase sales and
    generate new customers.



    
    




    
    
Adding
. Our market research and consumer testing enable us to identify attractive new product opportunities.
    We intend to continue to introduce new products in both existing and new product lines that appeal to a wide range of consumers.
    We currently have approximately 26 product offerings.

    
    
    

    
    
Maintain
. The Company currently offers various lines through QVC and intends to increase its
    product line offerings offered through QVC.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Media Exposure

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Club
    Stores&rdquo;.




Our principal products are meatballs with slow cooked Italian Sauce
 Meatloaf and Italian Entrees. We currently
offer our products using beef
 turkey
 chicken and pork.


    
    




Our pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are
positioned in the authentic premium prepared food category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices
slightly higher than those in the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility
as we grow our product line through the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages range from
$4.99 to $7.99
 and $5.99 to $9.99 per pound for prepared food products sold to delis or hot bars. Increases in raw materials costs
among other factors
 may lead to us consider price increases in the future.



As of May 2018
 approximately 85% of our products are internally produced by the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned
subsidiary
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;). Approximately 15% are manufactured on an outsourced basis.
None of our raw materials or ingredients are directly grown or produced by us. From time-to-time we negotiate with other manufacturers
to supplement the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing capability. We currently purchase modest quantities from other manufacturers. All
of the raw materials and ingredients in our products are readily available and are readily ascertainable by our suppliers. We have
not experienced any material shortages of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations and do not anticipate such
shortages in the foreseeable future.



As of January 31
 2018
 our products are carried by approximately 12
200 food retail locations with an average
of 3.6 different items per retail location
 thereby totaling approximately 43
800 product placements on shelves in such retail
locations. Our products are sold in the frozen meat case
 the frozen Italian specialty section
 the fresh meat case
 the deli (in
bulk and grab n&rsquo; go pre-packaged formats) as well as hot bars and sandwich shops in food retailers.

Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their
own warehouses or to large food distributors.

The
Company increased its sales management efforts with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting business with almost
every major retail supermarket chain in the country. Currently
 all of our full-time employees and Dan Dougherty sell our products
directly to supermarkets and mass retailers. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are currently sold primarily in the Northeast and Southeast.



The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings
and demonstrations
 in-store merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special
merchandising events with retailers and consumer advertising.

The Company has also developed a brand ambassador program for consumer advocates of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Advocates
receive coupons
 hats
 tote bags and other incentives to promote our brand. In addition
 the Company has an active on-line and
traditional paper couponing activity and employees outside services to deliver coupons to consumers such as Facebook
 newspaper
free standing inserts
 and on pack coupons as well as our web site. Dan Dougherty has been the principal spokesperson for MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and has made appearances or had article features including the Martha Stewart Show
 Entertainment Tonight
 Today Cooking School
New York Times
 Wall Street Journal
 USA Today and People Magazine.

Based on the Company&rsquo;s metrics for determining brand awareness
 which includes market studies and analysis
of consumer recognition of the MamaMancini&rsquo;s brand
 the Company believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini&rsquo;s has
grown in the past 12 months.


    
    


Investments
- Meatball Obsession

During 2011 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total
investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded
at acquisition cost plus the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011
the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO. The Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased
due to dilution. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO was 12% and 12%

of our directors
 Steven Burns
 serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession.



The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged and frozen food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine
from all over the world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that
our competition is much more limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche
market
 there can be no assurances that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. We believe our
principal competitors include Quaker Maid / Philly-Gourmet Meat Company
 Hormel
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
Farm Rich
 Inc.
 Mama Lucia
 and Buona Vita
 Inc.

Intellectual
Property

Our
current intellectual property consists of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and three trademarks for
&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Mac N&rsquo; Mamas&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Meatball Lovers Meatball&rdquo;. The recipes
and use of the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company.

We
rely on a combination of trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also
use technical measures to protect our proprietary rights.

Royalty
Agreement

In accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;)
entered into on January 1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother&rsquo;s recipes for the products to be
created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50-year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being
made)
 with a 25-year extension option
 to use and commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License
Agreement
 Mr. Dougherty shall develop a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats
and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor
Products&rdquo;). Mr. Dougherty shall work with us to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a
Licensor Product by us
 Mr. Dougherty&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production
of such Licensor Products shall be subject to the Development and License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License
Agreement
 we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty fee on net sales.


    
    


USDA
approval / Regulations



 which are manufactured
both in our own manufacturing facilities and in third-party facilities
 are subject to various federal
 state and local
regulations and inspection
 and to extensive regulations and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
 packaging and labeling.
In order to distribute and sell our products outside the State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing facilities must
meet the standards promulgated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our manufacturing processing facilities
and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
 the FDA&rsquo;s Food
Safety Modernization Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities in the U.S. in
an effort to enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products. The facilities
in which our products are manufactured are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA and USDA.

We
are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory
program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this
program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.

The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto
 although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and
state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase
the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to
be adversely affected.

Quality
Assurance



quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of our manufacturing facilities
 we
have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging and product specifications and
sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 both our own manufacturing facilities and each of our contract manufacturers
are required to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants
and mandates control measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards.

Our
manufacturing facility is certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety and quality management
protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously.
Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service complies with applicable regulations
and standards.


    
    



and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts or quality assurance specification
packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required. The quality assurance staff
within our manufacturing facility and of both our contract manufacturers conduct periodic on-site routine audits of critical ingredient
suppliers.

Where
You Can Find More Information

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our principal executive office is located at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently lease
24
213 square feet of space located in East Rutherford
 NJ from Joseph Branca Partnership
 Ltd for a current rental of $22
729
per month. The lease term runs through March 31
 2024. In addition
 we lease an additional 1
077 square feet of space at 375 Murray
Hill Parkway from CLN Associates
 LLC for a current rental of $1
571 per month. The lease term runs through March 31
 2019.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; The following table sets forth (i)
the intra-day high and low sales price per share for our common stock
 as reported on the OTCQB
 for the fiscal years ended January
31
 2018 and January 31
 2017. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and
may not represent actual transactions.




 2018
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
market price of our common stock
 like that of other early stage companies
 is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations
in response to variations in operating results
 announcements of new products
 or other events or factors. Our stock price may
also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance.

(b)
Holders



 2018 a total of 31
793
944
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are currently outstanding held by approximately 118 shareholders of record. This
figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

Preferred
Stock
(8%) per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. All outstanding shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock automatically converted to Company Common Stock on July 27
 2017 and no shares of Preferred Stock
are currently issued and outstanding.

Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. We have
not paid any cash dividends to the holders of our Common Stock and it is not our present intention to pay any cash dividends on
our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more
information on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 5
 2013.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

During the period between February 1
 2017 and January 31
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 3
942
720
shares of its Common stock as follows:



    
225
882 shares

    
90
717 shares

    
159
454 shares

    
    

    
3
466
667 shares


These
shares were all issued under an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.

There
were no other sales of unregistered securities not already reported on the Company&rsquo;s quarterly filings on Form 10-Q or on
a Current Report on Form 8-K.


    
    


Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

Results
of Operations for the Year ended January 31
 2018 and 2017

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the year ended January 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    

    

 2018

 2017

    
27
543
335
18
048
792

    
9
260
675
7
218
688

    
(8
197
533
(6
762
705

    
(743
402
(757
063

    
319
740
(301
080


For
the year ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company reported a net income (loss) of $319
740 and $(301
080)
 respectively. The
change in net income (loss) between the year ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 was primarily attributable to an increase in sales
of 53%.

Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 53% to $27
543
335 during the year ended January 31
2018
 from $18
048
792 during the year ended January 31
 2017. During the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company sold into higher
volume locations compared to the year ended January 31
 2017. The Company has sold into approximately 43
800 SKU&rsquo;s in 12
200
retail and grocery locations at January 31
 2018 as compared to approximately 38
700 SKU&rsquo;s in 11
700 retail and grocery
locations at January 31
 2017. In addition
 during the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company was able to increase its sales
through new customers as well as its existing customer base.

Gross
Profit: 
 2018 compared to 40% for the year ended January 31
2017. The decrease in gross profit margin is attributable to the change in product mix. The Company believes it&rsquo;s gross
margin as a percentage of sales will increase in future operating periods due more efficient operations.

Operating
Expenses: 
 2018
 as compared to the year ended January
31
 2017. The $1
434
828 increase in total operating expenses is primarily attributable to the following approximate increases
in operating expenses:



    
Postage
    and freight of $609
340 due to higher sales and startup costs of initial shipments;

    
    

    
Commission
    expenses of $254
977 related to increased sales;

    
    

    
Advertising
    social media and promotional expenses of $157
891 related to an increase in sales and demos;

    
    

    
Professional
    fees increased by $138
582 due to increased legal and accounting fees related to the acquisition of Joseph Epstein Foods
    Inc (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;).;

    
    

    
Royalty
    expense of $125
777 related to increased sales; and

    
    

    
Depreciation
    expense of $106
616 due to new fixed asset purchase during the period.



    
    


These
expense increases were offset by decreases in the following expenses:



    
Stock-based
    compensation for services rendered by employees and consultants decreased by of $69
241 compared to the prior year; and

    
    

    
Trade
    show and travel expense of $25
572 related to better management of travel expenses and reduced trade show booth costs.


Other
Expense:
661 to $743
402 for the year ended January 31
 2018 as compared to $757
063 during
the year ended January 31
 2017. For year ended January 31
 2018
 other expenses consisted of $679
974 in interest expense incurred
on the Company&rsquo;s financing arrangements. In addition
 the Company recorded $63
428 of amortization expense related to the
debt discount. For the year ended January 31
 2017
 other expenses consisted of $728
537 in interest expense incurred on the Company&rsquo;s
finance arrangements. In addition
 the Company recorded $28
526 of amortization expense related to the debt discount and finance
arrangements.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at January 31
 2018 compared to January 31
 2017:



    

 2018

 2017
    

    
4
752
293
3
475
510
1
276
783

    
7
655
702
5
029
935
2
625
767

    
(2
903
409
(1
554
425
(1
348
984


As
of January 31
 2018
 we had a working capital deficit of $2
903
409 as compared to a working capital deficit of $1
554
425 as
of January 31
 2017
 an increase of $1
348
984. The increase in working capital deficit is primarily attributable to approximately
$1
326
000 increase in the line of credit
 an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately $1
332
000. These
increases were offset by an increase in accounts receivable of approximately $1
267
000.

Net
cash provided by operating activities for the year ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 was $1
315
500 and $357
234
 respectively.
The net income (loss) for the year ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 was $319
740 and $(301
080)
 respectively.

Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended January 31
 2018 was $1
474
816 as compared to $552
869 for the year
ended January 31
 2017
 respectively
 to acquire new machinery and equipment and leasehold improvements. Our capital expenditures
primarily relate to continuous improvement to our equipment and facilities in order to increase manufacturing capacity
 supporting
our growth and continued commercialization of our products.

Net
cash provided by all financing activities for the year ended January 31
 2018 was $69
831 as compared to $73
233 for the year
ended January 31
 2017. During the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company had net borrowings increase of $1
339
245 and $251
671
for transactions pursuant to the line of credit and term loan
 respectively. These borrowings were offset by $146
388 and $1
350
000
paid for repayments on a term loan and net payments of the note payable to Manatuck Hill Partners
 respectively. During the year
ended January 31
 2017 the Company had net borrowings increase of $403
524 and $340
000 for transactions pursuant to the line
of credit and term loan. These increases were offset by $126
668
 $486
279 and $50
000 paid for repayments on a term loan
 repayments
of notes payable and cash paid for debt issuance costs
 respectively.



financial statements
 the Company has a net income and net cash provided by operations of $319
740 and $1
315
500
 respectively
for the year ended January 31
 2018.

Although
the continued revenue growth coupled with improved gross margins and control of expenses leads management to believe that it is
probable that the Company&rsquo;s cash resources will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through the second quarter of
fiscal year ended January 31
 2019
 the Company may require additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected
future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in
amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all. In that event
 the Company would be required to change its growth strategy
and seek funding on that basis
 though there is no guarantee it will be able to do so.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Our
consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions
 judgments and subjective
interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expense amounts reported.
These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding
contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP
and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions
 judgments and subjective
interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expense amounts reported.
These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding
contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP
and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. While all these significant
accounting policies impact our financial condition and results of operations
 we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies
determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management
to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that
given current facts and circumstances
 it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would
cause effect on our consolidated results of operations
 financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report.

We
believe the following critical accounting policies and procedures
 among others
 affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Use
of Estimates - The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for bad debt
 inventory
obsolescence
 the fair value of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements
 which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual
results could differ significantly from our estimates.


    
    


Stock-Based
Compensation - The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718

Compensation
a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation
cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance

 or in Conjunction with Selling
Goods or Services

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Share-based payment awards issued
to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the
share-based payment
 whichever is more readily determinable. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized
compensation cost is reversed in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included
in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the
consolidated statement of operations.

When
computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
The
    risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the
    option in effect at the time of the grant.

    
    

    
The
    Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common
    stock in the foreseeable future.

    
    

    
The
    expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting
    Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110.

    
    

    
The
    warrant term is the life of the warrant.

    
    

    
The
    expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

    
    

    
The
    forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&rsquo;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.


Revenue
The Company follows the guidance of the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 104 for revenue recognition and records revenue when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of
the related customer receivable is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products. Sales are recognized upon
shipment of products to customers.

Advertising
- Costs incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements:

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
also known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo; (SPEs).

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements appear at the end of this Annual Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31
 2018.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:


    
    




    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2018
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 it had material weaknesses
in its internal control procedures.

As
of period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management
is composed of a small number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order
to remedy this situation
 we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not
feasible to hire additional staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following
year to determine whether improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.


    
    


Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.

We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    

    
We
    will update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting
    processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2018 assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.

Subsequent
to January 31
 2018
 we intend to undertake the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.

    
    
    

    
    
Added
    additional accounting staff to further segregate duties and help the Company maintain timely reporting of financial results.


Item
9B. Other Information.



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of May 14
 2018.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    



    
    


Carl
Wolf
has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present.
Mr. Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a NASDAQ-listed public
company with over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international
dairy component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publically traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay
 which was a NASDAQ-listed public company which ally traded
direct seller of spoken word through its audio book club and old-time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from
2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University (Henry Rutgers Scholar) and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh
(with honors).

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown
through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served as the
President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business. He previously
worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous aspects
of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.

Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.

In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Lawrence
Morgenstein
 2018. He has been previously employed as Controller
for Emerging Power
 Inc. from July 7
 2016 through January 12
 2018. He was also employed by Elaut USA
 Inc. from April 4
 2013
through July 3
 2016.

Steven
Burns
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the present. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves as the Chairman
of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Additionally
 beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works as the President
and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to day operations of the company
 which primarily deal with investments
and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
 high-quality and healthy food services
 and healthcare technology.
Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was senior executive at Accenture where he led the U.S. Health Insurance
Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals. He also has sat on various financial committees and boards of directors
throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in March
2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February 2001 as
Vice- President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from February
1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket Enterprises.


    
    


In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto
Mr. Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New York
/ New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day-to-day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.

Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Dean
Janeway
broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational oversight
and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the largest
retailer- owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions of increasing
responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions. From
1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
whole sale wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and
his proven track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our President
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee&rsquo;s charter are posted on our website
 www.mamamancini&rsquo;s.com. Our board
of directors may from time to time establish other committees.


    
    


Audit
Committee

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits
and financial statements of the Company. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s primary duties and responsibilities are to:



    
    
Monitor
    the integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance
 accounting
    and legal compliance.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    the independence and performance of the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors and the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel.

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    an avenue of communication among the independent auditors
 management
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel
 and the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Appoint
    and provide oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Discuss
    the scope of the independent auditors&rsquo; examination.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the financial statements and the independent auditors&rsquo; report.




    
    
Review
    areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

    
    
    

    
    
Solicit
    recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Resolve
    any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting.

    
    
    

    
    
Prepare
    the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
 as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
    &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    other related tasks as requested by the Board.


The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities
 and it has direct
access to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain
 at the Company&rsquo;s
expense
 special legal
 accounting
 or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties.

Our
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Burns and Mr. Toto. Mr. Toto serves as the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr. Burns is our Audit
Committee financial expert as currently defined under applicable SEC rules.

Compensation
Committee

The
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required under
the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board
the Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee&rsquo;s
actions shall generally be related to overall considerations
 policies and strategies.

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee:



    
    
Review
    the competitiveness of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation programs to ensure (a) the attraction and retention of corporate
    officers
 (b) the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (c) the alignment
    of the interests of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.



    
    




    
    
Review
    and determine the annual salary
 bonus
 stock options
 other equity-based incentives
 and other benefits
 direct and indirect
    of the Company&rsquo;s executive officers
 including development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term
    incentives while focusing on long-term stockholder interests.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    salary increases and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and all other executive officers of
    the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve corporate goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve benefit plans
 including equity incentive plans
 and approval of individual grants and awards.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve employment or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President
    and the other executive officers of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and discuss with management the Company&rsquo;s CD&amp;A and recommend to the Board that the CD&amp;A be included in the annual
    report on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
If
    required by SEC rules
 provide a Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation to be included in the Company&rsquo;s
    annual proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the other executive officers.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual review of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes thereto to the Board when appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Plan
    for executive development and succession.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve all equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto
 subject to any stockholder approval under the listing
    standards of NASDAQ.

    
    
    

    
    
Recommend
    an appropriate method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated by stockholders to the Committee
    and
 as the Committee deems appropriate
 to respond to such stockholder concerns

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under the terms of any executive compensation
    plan
 incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    risks related to the Company&rsquo;s compensation policies and practices and review and discuss
 at least annually
 the relationship
    between the Company&rsquo;s risk management policies and practices
 corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices.


Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 and Mr. Dean Janeway. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino serves as the Chairman of
our Compensation Committee.

Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which
are required under the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are qualified
to become directors of the Company
 consistent with criteria approved by the Board
 and make recommendations to the Board of nominees
including Stockholder Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders) to serve as
a directors of the Company. To fulfill its purpose
 the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee
are as follows:


    
    




    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the current composition
 size
    role and functions of the Board and its committees to oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner
    consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and make recommendations to the Board for approval.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 director selection criteria consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines
 and conduct searches for prospective directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    in identifying
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 nominees
 including nominees nominated by stockholders in accordance
    with the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on
    the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Before
    recommending an incumbent
 replacement or additional director
 review his or her qualifications
 including capability
 availability
    to serve
 conflicts of interest
 and other relevant factors.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 and make recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of
    directors to Board committees and the selection of the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the methods and execution of the annual evaluations of the Board&rsquo;s and each Board committee&rsquo;s effectiveness and
    support the annual performance evaluation process.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding director retirements
 director re-nominations and directors&rsquo; changes
    in circumstances in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding policies relating to directors&rsquo; compensation
 consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
As
    set forth herein
 monitor compliance with
 and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines and overall corporate governance of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    the Board and the Company&rsquo;s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation of the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Develop
    and implement continuing education programs for all directors
 including orientation and training programs for new directors.

    
    
    

    
    
Annually
    evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee&rsquo;s performance and adequacy of this Charter.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the Code of Ethics periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board
 if appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    requests from outside the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company&rsquo;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
    and recommend to the Board whether a particular waiver should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted.

    
    
    

    
    
Oversee
    Committee membership and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and recommend changes in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees
 and (ii) Committee reporting to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations annually to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines.



    
    




    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding the position the Company should take with respect to any proposals submitted
    by stockholders for approval at any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Regularly
    report on Committee activities and recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    any other activities consistent with this Charter
 the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 as amended
    from time to time
 the NASDAQ company guide
 and any governing law
 as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to the
    Committee.


Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Janeway and Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 with Mr. Janeway serving as the Chairman.

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 were timely.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation&nbsp;.

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the years ended January 31
 2018 and January 31
 2017.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
160
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
160
000

    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
186
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
186
000

    
    
186
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
186
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
121
200
    
    
    
    
    
    
121
200


    
    
72
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000




    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    

 2018.



    
    


2018
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END

STOCK
AWARDS



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    McGuire was elected as a director of the Company on June 13
 2017 and resigned January 22
 2018. Mr. McGuire&rsquo;s Options
    expired on February 21
 2018.

    
    

    
Non-Management
    employee.

    
    

    
Shares
    vest upon a change of control of the Company



    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors.
Accordingly
 Mr. Wolf and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those
directors who are considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange receive
compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Janeway are
to be paid $10
000 per annum &nbsp;for their service as members of the board
 payable quarterly in Company common stock.

In
2013 and 2014
 our directors were granted stock options to purchase 10
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
of $1.00 (&ldquo;Option Grant 1&rdquo;) and $2.95 (&ldquo;Option Grant 2&rdquo;)
 respectively. All such options vested immediately
and expire 5 years from the date of grant. Each director that was granted 10
000 options under Option Grant 2 subsequently cancelled
such 10
000 options to purchase common stock on April 23
 2014 in exchange for 8
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.
In 2017
 each of our independent directors were granted stock options to purchase 50
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock at an exercise of $0.39 per share. Such options vested immediately and expire 5 years from the date of grant.


 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 25
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise of $1.05. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and expire 3 years from the date
of grant.

There
is no formal arrangement with our board of directors for the granting of options. There is no assurance that the Company will
continue to issue options to the board of directors or on what terms such issuance would occur. In addition
 our Lead Director
Steven Burns was paid $42
000 in stock compensation for the year ended January 31
 2017 for his additional services in that capacity.

We
also reimburse all of our directors for reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings.

The
following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal years ending on January 31
2018 and January 31
 2017.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
8
918
    
    
33
918

    
    
    
    
58
000
16
442
    
    
74
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
8
918
    
    
33
918

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
8
918
    
    
33
918

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
25
000
8
918
    
    
33
918

    
    
    
    
10
000
16
442
    
    
26
442




    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013. 

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf

On March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive
Officer for a term of 3 years. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless
the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as
set forth herein. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2018. As compensation
for his services
 Mr. Wolf receives a base salary of $150
000 per year. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s compensation was increased to $190
000
per year effective November 1
 2017. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Wolf
is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject to confidentiality
provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to receive Termination
Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction
with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments (1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Matthew
Brown

On March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s for an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive
one-year terms
 unless the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date
or until terminated as set forth herein. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
2018. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Brown receives a base salary of $186
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly
with regard to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Brown is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As
part of the agreement
 Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants
not to compete. Mr. Brown is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment
Agreement) in the event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments(1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Lawrence
Morgenstein

On April 1
 2018 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Lawrence Morgenstein as Chief
Financial Officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s for an initial term of one year. Unless terminated
 Mr. Morgenstein&rsquo;s employment
agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Morgenstein receives a base
salary of $125
000 per year and is eligible for a year-end bonus of up to $25
000. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard
to possible increase. In addition
 Mr. Morgenstein is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. In addition
Mr. Morgenstein was initially granted an option to acquire 30
000 shares of Company Common Stock
 vesting 7
500 shares per quarter.
As part of the agreement
 Mr. Morgenstein is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants
not to compete.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our
outstanding shares of common stock as of May 15
 2018 31
793
944
 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group.
Except as otherwise indicated
 all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power
with respect to the shares shown.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
426
886
    

    
5
663
255
    

    
    
    

    
1
459
643
    

    
1
008
575
    

    
844
443
    

    
389
336
    

    
16
792
138
    




    
    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power
    with respect to securities. In determining beneficial ownership of our Common Stock
 the number of shares shown includes shares
    which the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of debentures
 warrants and options which may be acquired within 60 days.
    In determining the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity on May 15
 2018 
 (a) the numerator is the number
    of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity
 including shares which the beneficial ownership may acquire
    within 60 days of the conversion of Series A Preferred shares
 exercise of debentures
 warrants and options; and (b) the denominator
    is the sum of (i) the total shares of that class outstanding on May 14
 2018 31
793
944 shares of Common Stock and (ii) the
    total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of warrants and options. Unless otherwise stated
    each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. The address of each of the holders is 25 Branca Road
    East Rutherford
 NJ 07073.

    
    
    

    
    
Figures
    may not add up due to rounding of percentages.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    amount includes 6
170
356 shares held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf and 482
455 shares held directly by Mr. Wolf. Ms. Wolf
    is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full voting control of such shares. Share total also includes 774
075 shares
    issuable on the exercise of Warrants.



    
    




    
    
5
327
749 of the shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf and 228
098 shares are held by Mr. Brown. Ms.
Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full voting control of such shares. Share total includes 5
555
847 and
107
408 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 130
397 shares held by Steven Burns
 10
000 shares held by Milvia Burns
 Mr. Burns&rsquo; wife and 1
136
839
    shares held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 a corporation which is wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Share total also includes 107
407
    shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and options to purchase 75
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 126
938 shares directly held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 699
230 shares held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino Revocable
    Living Trust 11/6/2009
 of which Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes 107
407 shares
    issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 75
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 669
443 held by Thomas Toto and 66
667 held by Thomas and Andrea Toto
 for which Thomas Toto is the beneficial
    owner. Share total also includes 33
333 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 75
000 shares
    of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 191
035 shares held by Dean Janeway and 15
894 owned by Mary Janeway &amp; Dean Janeway Jt Ten. Share total
    also includes 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 75
000 shares of common stock.




The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred
stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Common
Stock

The Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At May 15
2018
 we have 31
793
944 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide any preemptive
 subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled
to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.

Preferred
Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. The
Company has designated 120
000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred stock. As of May 15
 2018
 no shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. All then-remaining shares of then-outstanding Series A Convertible
Preferred stock were converted into an aggregate of 3
466
667 common shares on July 27
 2017. The holders of the Series A Convertible
Preferred were entitled to receive dividends at a rate of either percent (8%) per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common
Stock at the option of the holder and are entitled to a liquidation preference equal to $100 per share plus all accrued and unpaid
dividends. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were convertible
 at the option of the holder
 into shares of Company Common
Stock at a conversion price of $0.675 (subject to adjustment) based upon the stated value of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock.



Preferred
Stock
(8%) per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. We have not paid any cash dividends
to the holders of our Common Stock. During the fiscal year ended January 31
 2018
 all dividends were paid in Company Common Stock.
During that period
 an aggregate of 90
717 Common Shares were issued as Series A Preferred Stock dividends.


    
    


Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our
present intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
if any
 in our business operations.



As of May 15
 2018
 there are outstanding warrants to purchase 7
030
843 of our common shares. All of the
warrants are exercisable for a term of five years with 505
400 having an exercise price of $1.00 per share (which expire between
April 5
 2017 and December 5
 2017)
 508
001 having an exercise price of $1.50 per share (which expire between July 12
 2018 and
January 17
 2019)
 14
000 having an exercise price of $2.50 per share (which expire on October 15
 2019)
 3
959
999 having an exercise
price of $0.675 per share (which expire between June 10
 2020 and November 20
 2020) and 2
510
001 having an exercise price of
$1.50 per share (which expire on November 20
 2020). The aforementioned 2
510
001 Warrants were granted subsequent to January 31
2016 to investors in a prior offering. 22
666 of the aforementioned Warrants have been either cancelled or exercised.



As
of May 15
 2018
 there are currently outstanding options to purchase 846
000 shares of Company Common Stock. Of this amount
248
000 options at $1.00 per share expire on April 26
 2018
 262
000 options at $0.39 per share expire on April 13
 2021
 123
000
options at $0.60 per share expire on May 2
 2021
 100
000 options at $1.05 per share expire on June 27
 2020 and 114
000 options
at $1.38 per share expire on November 5
 2022.




 2014
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase
Agreement&rdquo;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;) whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable
debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest
at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s restricted common stock. In April 2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of
restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt modification applied.
The Company valued the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32 and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated
balance sheet.


 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the
fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over
the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective
interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of other expense in the consolidated statements of
operations.


 2015
 the note was further amended to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the
terms of the execution of the extension
 the Company was required to purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a
share price of $0.65
 a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding
principal of the debt. In addition
 the extension reduced accrued interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal
of the debt by $220
000. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with
the accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the existing debt of $2
000
000
 wrote-off the unamortized debt discount
of $190
483 and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating to this note of $19
106. The loss on debt extinguishment of
$380
089 on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off
of the debt issuance costs of $19
106
 and the amendment fee of $170
500.



 the note was further amended to extend the maturity date to September 30
 2017 and also removed
the convertible feature of the note. The principal amount of the note was increased to $2
898
523
 which is inclusive of accrued
interest payable through October 31
 2016. In addition
 the Company paid an origination fee of $50
000 on October 31
 2016 which
is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method.


 2017
 the Company further extended the maturity date to May 1

Company paid to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account of the
note as of March 31
 2017.


    
    



 2018
 the Company further extended the maturity date to November 1
 2018. Per the terms of
the amended agreement:



    
    
The
    Company will pay to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account
    of the note as of January 31
 2018
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through January 31
    2018;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company shall make monthly principal payments to Manatuck of $100
000.



 the accounting for debt modification
applied. The Company accrued the 2% fee totaling $52
236 which is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining
life of the note using the effective interest method. There was unamortized debt discount of $84
841 and $48
094 as of January
31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


and interest and net of debt discount at January 31
 2018 and 2017 was $1
403
082 and $2
700
725
 respectively.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Two
or our directors
 Thomas Toto and Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino work for World Wide Sales
 Inc. (&ldquo;World Wide Sales&rdquo;)
 a
perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
e President of World Wide Sales. Pursuant
to an informal arrangement
 the Company has agreed to pay World Wide Sales the greater of $4
000 or 3% sales commission on net
sales (sales less any promotions
 credits
 allowance
 and short pay) to supermarket chains headquartered in the New York Metropolitan
area per month. To date
 World Wide Sales has never been paid in excess of $4
000 in any month.

Director
Independence

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Janeway is an independent director
within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 and that each of them is also an independent
director under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition
 our board of directors
has determined that Mr. Burns is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and
the New York Stock Exchange.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Audit
Fees

Audit Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of our financial statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services
not required by statute or regulations
 and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions.
The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the fiscal years ended January 31
 2018 and January 31
 2017
 were $40
000 and $30
000
 respectively.

Audit
Related Fees

The aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item
14
 for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2018 and January 31
 2017 were $0 and $0
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

Tax Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts
for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns.
The aggregate Tax Fees billed for the years ended January 31
 2018 and January 31
 2017 were $7
500 and $5
000
 respectively.


    
    


Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures
    are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures
    do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.


Our
Audit Committee pre-approved all services provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: May 15
 2018
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
Carl
    Wolf

    
    
Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein

    
    
Lawrence
    Morgenstein

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman of the 
    
May 15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Director 
    
May 15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
May 15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
May 15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
May
15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
May 15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
May 15
 2018

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
January
31
 2018



    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity For the Period from February 1
 2016 through January 31
 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 
    

    
    

    
    



    
    



FIRM



Inc.




balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related consolidated
statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two period ended January 31
2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion
 the consolidated
financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of the Company as of January
31
 2018 and 2017
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two period ended
January 31
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 P.A.


since 2011.


 NJ

 2018


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
581
322
670
807


 net
3
084
715
1
817
820

    
824
276
806
623

    
261
980
180
260

    
4
752
293
3
475
510

    
    
    


 net
2
499
875
1
563
381

    
    
    

    
20
177
20
177

    
7
272
345
5
059
068

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
456
918
2
124
880


 net
2
688
764
1
363
145

    
106
938
140
004

    
1
403
082
1
401
906

    
7
655
702
5
029
935

    
    
    

    
651
677
513
328

    
250
000
1
548
819

    
649
656
649
656

    
1
551
333
2
711
803

    
    
    

    
9
207
035
7
741
728

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 $0.00001 par value; 120
000 shares authorized; 23
400 issued as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 0 and 23
400 shares outstanding as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 19
880
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 31
753
437 and 27
810
717 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    

    
16
344
794
15
825
029

    
 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 shares
 respectively
    
    

    
(18
130
303
(18
358
478

    
    
    


 230
000 shares
 respectively
(149
500
(149
500

    
(1
934
690
(2
682
670

    
7
272
345
5
059
068


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    

    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
27
543
335
18
048
792

    
    
    

    
18
282
660
10
830
104

    
    
    

    
9
260
675
7
218
688

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
138
000
153
296

    
8
059
533
6
609
409

    
8
197
533
6
762
705

    
    
    

    
1
063
142
455
983

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(679
974
(728
537

    
(63
428
(28
526

    
(743
402
(757
063

    
    
    

    
319
740
(301
080

    
    
    

    
(91
565
(204
921

    
    
    

    
228
175
(506
001

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
29
811
521
27
100
316

    
32
205
577
27
100
316


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.

For
the Period from February 1
 2016 through January 31
 2018



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 February 1
 2016
23
400
    
26
507
516
    
(230
000
(149
500
14
954
928
    
(17
852
477
(3
046
783

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
127
700
    
    
127
700

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
793
307
    
    
    
470
492
    
    
470
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
509
894
    
    
    
271
909
    
    
271
914

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(204
921
(204
921

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(301
080
(301
080

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 31
 2017
23
400
    
27
810
717
    
(230
000
(149
500
15
825
029
    
(18
358
478
(2
682
670

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
882
    
    
    
255
498
    
    
255
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
172
740
    
    
172
740

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
159
454
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
717
    
    
    
91
564
    
    
91
565

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(91
565
(91
565

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(23
400
    
3
466
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
319
740
319
740


 January 31
 2018
    
    
31
753
437
    
(230
000
(149
500
16
344
794
    
(18
130
303
(1
934
690


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    

    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
319
740
(301
080

    
    
    

    
538
322
441
585

    
63
428
28
526

    
428
240
598
200

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
266
895
(341
238

    
(17
653
(248
871

    
(81
720
29
093

    
    
    

    
1
332
038
151
019

    
1
315
500
357
234

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
474
816
(552
869

    
(1
474
816
(552
869

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(7
344

    
(1
350
000
(486
279

    
(24
697
(50
000


 net
1
339
245
403
524

    
251
671
340
000

    
(146
388
(126
668

    
69
831
73
233

    
    
    

    
(89
485
(122
402

    
    
    

    
670
807
793
209

    
    
    

    
581
322
670
807

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
464
958
721
821

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
91
565
271
914

    
89
104
358
523


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2018

Note
1 - Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation

Nature
of Operations

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada
corporation. The Company has a year-end of January 31.

The
Company is a manufacturer and distributor of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf and other
similar meats and sauces. The Company&rsquo;s customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in
the Northeast and Southeast.

Recent
Developments

On
November 1
 2017
 the Company
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 a New Jersey corporation (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;)
 and MMMB
Acquisition
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 completed the merger
contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (&ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Company
 JEFE
 and Merger Sub
dated as of November 1
 2017. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement
 JEFE has merged with and into Merger Sub
 with Merger
Sub continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and in connection with the merger
 the Company acquired all assets
of JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment of the Inter-Company Loan between the parties
 (b) the
assumption by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses
 (c) assumption by the Company of certain third-party
loans to JEFE and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect to his collateralization of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount of
approximately $250
000. As a result of the transaction
 (i) the Company became the sole shareholder of JEFE
 which became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company (ii) following the Closing
 JEFE&rsquo;s financial statements as of the Closing are consolidated with
the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (collectively
 the &ldquo;Merger Transaction&rdquo;). No cash or stock was
exchanged in connection with the transaction.

&nbsp;Codification
Topic 805: 
entities
under common control. The assets and liabilities of JEFE transferred between entities under common control were recorded by the
The
financial statements of both entities have been combined for all periods presented.


    
    


Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting
period(s). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.

Risks
and Uncertainties

The
Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations
are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business
failure.

The
Company has experienced
 and in the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected
to contribute to this variability include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic
conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the
product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.



The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2018 and 2017.

The
Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial
institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits.


    
    


Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts
receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require
collateral to support customer receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the
outstanding accounts receivable
 historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if
receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management.
The maximum accounting loss from the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
which is the face amount of the receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company
had reserves of $2
000.



Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation
method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January 31
 2018 and 2017:



    

 2018

 2017

    
486
917
374
000

    
21
387
    

    
315
972
432
623

    
824
276
806
623


Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.

Asset
lives for financial statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    

    
    

    
    


(*)
Amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.

Upon
sale or retirement of property and equipment
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and
any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

For
purpose of this disclosure
 the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s
short-term financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Research
and Development

Research
and development is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 were
$138
000 and $153
296
 respectively.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.


    
    


Revenue
Recognition

The
Company records revenue for products when all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
(2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related
customer receivable is reasonably assured. There is no stated right of return for products.

The
Company meets these criteria upon shipment.

Expenses
such as slotting fees
 sales discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
 January 31
 2018
 January 31
 2017

    
28
004
078
18
498
142


 Discounts
 Allowances
460
743
449
350

    
27
543
335
18
048
792


Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales represents costs directly related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. Costs include
product development
 freight
 packaging
 and print production costs.



Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating
advertising expenses for the years January 31
 2018 and 2017 were $1
773
939 and $1
607
581
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718


It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts
for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718. The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees
in accordance with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more
readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally
the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations.
Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.

For the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 share-based compensation amounted to $428
240 and $598
200
respectively.

For
the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following
variables:



    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


The
expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99.
The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does
not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

estimated
using the historical volatilities of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury
rates for the applicable periods.

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share

Earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term
is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available
to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the
period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred
stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned)
from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation
of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect
the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options
or warrants.

The
following table provides a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income (loss)
attributable to common stockholders per common share.



    
    

    

 2018

 2017

    
    
    

    
228
175
(506
001

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
228
175
(506
001

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
29
811
521
27
100
316

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
350
694
    

    
1
974
648
    

    
    
    

    
32
205
577
27
100
316

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
041
001
11
659
841



    
    


Income
Taxes

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740
.&rdquo;
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

FASB
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January
31
 2018. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No
amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at January 31
 2018. The Company is currently not aware of any
issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is
subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.

The
Company may be subject to potential examination by federal
 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These
potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
and compliance with federal
 state
 and city tax laws. The Company&rsquo;s management does not expect that the total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.

The
Company is no longer subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2015.

Related
Parties

The
Company follows subtopic ASC 850-10 for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20
 the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&ldquo;Affiliate&rdquo; means
 with respect
to any specified person
 any other person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled
by or is under common control with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);
(b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option
under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity;
(c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship
of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may
deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that
one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can
significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in
one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
July 2015
Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&rdquo;
The amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out
(LIFO) or the retail inventory method. The amendments apply to all other inventory
 which includes inventory that is measured
using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower
of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less
reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured
using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public business entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. During the years ended January 31
 2017
the Company adopted the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2015-11 and deemed that the adoption of the ASU did not have a material
effect on its financial position or results of operations.


    
    


In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Under ASU 2016-02
 lessees will be required
to recognize
 for all leases of 12 months or more
 a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the
right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of
financial statements better understand the nature of an entity&rsquo;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting
companies for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
 and must be adopted
using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated
financial statements and disclosures.

In
April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
&rdquo;. The FASB
issued this update to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based
payment awards to their employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on
the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. During the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company adopted the methodologies prescribed
by ASU 2016-09 and deemed that the adoption of the ASU did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of
operations.

In
April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10

and Licensing (Topic 606)
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08

Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross verses Net) (Topic 606)
clarification and implementation guidance on the previously issued ASU 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo;.
The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance
obligations; treatment of shipping and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&rsquo;s promise to grant a license provides
a customer with either a right to use an entity&rsquo;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&rsquo;s intellectual
property. The amendments in ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal
versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10
and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide with an entity&rsquo;s adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which the Company intends to adopt for interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption will have a material
effect on its financial statements and disclosures.

In
May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12

and Practical Expedients&rdquo;
 which narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability
 noncash
consideration
 presentation of sales tax and transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is
currently evaluating the standard and does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements
and disclosures. The Company is in the process of performing an initial review of custom contracts to determine the impact that
ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates will have on the Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements or financial
statement disclosures upon adoption. Based on this preliminary review
 the Company believes that the timing and measurement of
revenue for these customers will be similar to the current revenue recognition. However
 this view is preliminary and could change
based on the detailed analysis associated with the conversion and implementation phases of ASU 2014-09. The Company intends to
utilize the transition method
 retrospectively adopting with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard at the date
of initial application.

In
August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15

and Cash Payments&rdquo;
cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply
in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company does
not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its financial statements and disclosures.

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16


transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the
update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.


    
    


In
November 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-18
 
 requiring that the statement
of cash flows explain the change in the total cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted
cash equivalents. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods therein
 beginning after December
15
 2017 with early adoption permitted. The provisions of this guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which
requires application of the guidance for all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.

In
May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09

&rdquo;

apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This standard is required to be adopted in the first quarter of 2018. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic
480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement
of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception&rdquo;
for certain financial instruments with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments
(or embedded features) that result in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current
accounting guidance creates cost and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible
instruments) with down round features that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part
II of this update addresses the difficulty of navigating Topic 480
 
 because of
the existence of extensive pending content in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of
the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities
and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting
effect. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018.

In
September 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-13

Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842). 
new standard
 among other things
 provides additional implementation guidance with respect to Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) Topic 606 and ASC Topic 842. ASU 2017-03 is effective for annual and interim fiscal reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its financial statements and disclosures.

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Subsequent
Events

The
Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure.
Any material events that occur between the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed
as subsequent events
 while the financial statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet
date.

Note
3 - Property and Equipment:

Property
and equipment on January 31
 2018 and January 31
 2017 are as follows:



    

 2018

 2017

    
2
431
589
1
707
004

    
71
969
66
306

    
2
071
169
1
326
861

    
4
574
727
3
100
171

    
2
074
852
1
536
790

    
2
499
875
1
563
381



    
    


Depreciation expense charged to income for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 amounted to $538
322
and $441
585
 respectively.

Note
4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

During
2011
 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032.
This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost
plus the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.

At
December 31
 2011
 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.

The
Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s ownership
interest in MO was 12% and 12%
 respectively.

Note
5 - Related Party Transactions

Meatball
Obsession
 LLC

A
current director of the Company is the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;).

For
the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company generated approximately $104
081 and $76
342 in revenues from MO
 respectively.

As
of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had a receivable of $32
869 and $8
189 due from MO
 respectively.

WWS
Inc.

A
current director of the Company is the president of WWS
 Inc.

For
the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded $24
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales.

Notes
Payable &ndash; Related Party

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company.
The notes bear interest at a rate of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until
February 2019. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $117
656.

CEO
of the Company which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on February 1
 2020. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 there was $400
000
of principal outstanding
 respectively.

CEO
of the Company
 which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on February 1
 2020. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 there was $132
000
of principal outstanding
 respectively.


 2018 and
2017
 the Company recorded interest expense of $47
266 and $47
266
 respectively
 related to the above related party notes payable.

Note
6 - Loan and Security Agreement

On September 3
 2014
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (&ldquo;Loan and Security Agreement&rdquo;)
with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&ldquo;EGC&rdquo;) which contains a line of credit. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the
outstanding balance on the line of credit was $2
702
390 and $1
363
145
 respectively. In September 2016
 the agreement was amended
and the total facility increased to an aggregate principal amount of up to $3
200
000. The facility consists of the following:



    
    
2
150
000

    
    
350
000

    
    
800
000



    
    


EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit
up to 85% of the net amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement). In July 2017
 EGC made an accommodation
whereby the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit could be increased to $2
500
000
 provided that the aggregate principal amount of
the facility did not exceed $3
200
000. Also
 in July 2017
 EGC advanced an additional loan to the Company in the principal amount
of $300
000
 subject to $50
000 monthly repayments commencing October 31
 2017. In relation to the over advance
 the Company paid
a fee totaling $24
697 which is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note. EGC may
from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Inventory Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory
(as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) in an amount up to 50% of finished goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material
which is capped at $30
000.

The revolving interest rates is equal to the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported
by Citibank
 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible
inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by
Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional
one-year period. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3
200
000 facility and pays
an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the total facility. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the
stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns are secured by all of the assets of the Company. Due to the terms of
the agreement regarding a subjective acceleration clause and a lockbox arrangement
 the line of credit is shown as a current liability
on the consolidated balance sheets.

On September 3
 2014
 the Company also entered into a 5-year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&ldquo;EGC
Note&rdquo;) with EGC. In September 2016
 the ECG Note was increased to $700
000 with an extended maturity date of September 30
2021. The amended EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of $11
667. The EGC Note was further amended in October 2017 to
increase the note to $800
000 with principal payments of $13
795. The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is
payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan
and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan was
$758
615 and $653
332 as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Additionally
in connection with the Loan and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 entered into a Guarantee
Agreement with EGC
 personally guaranteeing all the amounts borrowed on behalf of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement.



On
December 19
 2014
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with
Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;Manatuck&rdquo;) whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &ldquo;Manatuck
Debenture&rdquo;) in favor of Manatuck. The Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures
in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
restricted common stock. In April 2015
 the maturity date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock
were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued
the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32 and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.

Upon
issuance of the debenture and subsequent extension
 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer
as well as the value of the common shares granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the
term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method.
The amortization of debt discount is included as a component of other expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

On
October 29
 2015
 the note was further amended to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution
of the extension
 the Company was required to purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt.
In addition
 the extension reduced accrued interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
000.
Based on management&rsquo;s review
 the accounting for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt
extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the existing debt of $2
000
000
 wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190
483 and
wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating to this note of $19
106. The loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089 on the
statement of operations is comprised of the write-off of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off of the debt issuance
costs of $19
106
 and the amendment fee of $170
500.


    
    


In
August 2016
 the note was further amended to extend the maturity date to September 30
 2017 and also removed the convertible feature
of the note. The principal amount of the note was increased to $2
898
523
 which is inclusive of accrued interest payable through
October 31
 2016. In addition
 the Company paid an origination fee of $50
000 on October 31
 2016 which is recorded as a debt
discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method.

On
March 10
 2017
 the Company further extended the maturity date to May 1
 2018. The Company paid to Manatuck a cash fee equal to
two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account of the note as of March 31
 2017.

On
January 22
 2018
 the Company further extended the maturity date to November 1
 2018. Per the terms of the amended agreement:



    
    
The
    Company will pay to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account
    of the note as of January 31
 2018
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through January 31
    2018;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company shall make monthly principal payments to Manatuck of $100
000.


Based
on management&rsquo;s review of the amended agreement and extension
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company
accrued the 2% fee totaling $52
236 which is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the
note using the effective interest method. There was unamortized debt discount of $84
841 and $48
094 as of January 31
 2018 and
2017
 respectively.

The outstanding principal net of debt discount at January 31
 2018 and 2017 was $1
403
082 and $2
700
725
respectively.

On April 29
 2015
 the Company entered into a note payable with a bank for $250
000
 which was used to pay
down and replace a prior note payable. The note bears interest at 3.75%
 with interest being due monthly. The note is due in full
on the maturity date of April 1

Executive Officer.

Future
maturities of all debt (including debt discussed above in Notes 5
 6 and 7) are as follows:





    

    
4
198
784

    
483
758

    
658
051

    
136
852

    
148
579

    
124
093

    
5
750
117


Note
8 - Concentrations



During
the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 40% and 10% of gross
sales. During the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 28% and
13% of gross sales.

As
of January 31
 2018
 these two customers represented approximately 43% and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.
As of January 31
 2017
 these two customers represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.


    
    




Common
Stock

On
July 27
 2017
 (the effective date)
 23
400 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series A Preferred Stock were automatically converted
into approximately 3
466
667 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation
the automatic conversion occurred on June 27
 2017 following the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during any
ten consecutive trading days remaining at least $1.0125. The conversion became effective on July 27
 2017.

During
the years ended January 31
 2018
 the Company issued 90
717 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred
stockholders for the dividends in arrears totaling $91
565.

During
the years ended January 31
 2017
 the Company issued 509
894 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred
stockholders for the dividends in arrears totaling $271
914.

During the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company issued 225
882 shares of its common stock to employees
and consultants for services rendered of $255
500.

During
the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company issued 793
307 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services
rendered of $470
500.

Treasury
Stock

As discussed in Note 7
 upon amendment of the Manatuck Debenture on October 29
 2015
 the Company repurchased
the 230
000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $149
500 which is presented as Treasury Stock on the consolidated balance
sheets.

(C)
Options

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s option activity:




    
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
496
404
    


 2016
496
404
    

    
385
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2017
881
404
    


 2017
799
404
    

    
239
000
    

    
    
    

    
(254
404
    


 2018
866
000
    


 2018
699
000
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
866
000
    
    
699
000
    



    
    


At January 31
 2018 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $562
290 and $498
827
respectively.

For the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recognized share-based compensation related to
options of an aggregate of $172
740 and $127
700
 respectively. At January 31
 2018
 unrecognized share-based compensation was
$135
614.

(D)
Warrants

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s warrant activity:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
4
915
865
    


 2017
2
510
000
    

    
2
510
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2017
7
425
865
    


 2017
7
425
865
    

    
    
    

    
(364
466
    

    
    
    


 2018
7
061
399
    


 2018
7
061
399
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
Price
    
    
    
 Outstanding
    
    
    
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Life
(in years)
    
    
    
Average
Exercise Price
    
    
    
Exercisable
    
    
    
Average
Exercise Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
0.68 &ndash; 2.50
    
    
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    


At
January 31
 2018
 the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $3
020
483 and $3
020
483
 respectively.

During the year ended January 31
 2018
 364
466 warrants were exercised by the warrant holders on a cashless
basis. The Company issued 159
454 shares of common stock as a result of this exercise.

Note
10 - Commitments and Contingencies

Litigations
Claims and Assessments

From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of
business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe
will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.

Licensing
and Royalty Agreements

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of
the Agreement the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and
other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively
the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee.
Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for
the preparation and production of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and
License Agreement.


    
    


The
term of the Agreement (the &ldquo;Term&rdquo;) shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period
beginning on each January 1 and ending on each December 31 is referred to herein as an &ldquo;Agreement Year&rdquo;.

The
Exclusive Term began on January 1
 2009 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
unless terminated or extended as provided herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing
to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day
following the end of such Agreement Year
 Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least
equal to the minimum royalty (the &ldquo;Minimum Royalty&rdquo;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and
provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the
Exclusive Term for an additional twenty-five (25) years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary
of the Effective Date.

The
Non-Exclusive Term begins upon expiration of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor
due to a material breach hereof by Licensee that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
or until terminated by Licensee.

Either
party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such
material breach within ninety (60) days following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach.
The following termination rights are in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement.



    
    
Termination
    by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on ninety (60) days written notice to
    Licensor. In such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.


Under
the terms of the Agreement the Company is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:

During
the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &ldquo;Royalty Rate&rdquo;)
multiplied by Company&rsquo;s &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo;. As used herein
 &ldquo;Net Sales&rdquo; means gross invoiced sales of Products
directly or indirectly to unrelated third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions
or allowances actually allowed or granted from the billed amount (collectively &ldquo;Discounts&rdquo;); (b) credits
 rebates
and allowances actually granted upon claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
&ldquo;Credits&rdquo;); (c) freight
 postage
 shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges
levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions
for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.

The
Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to
$2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.

In
order to continue the Exclusive term
 the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as
follows:



    
    

    
    

    
50
000

    
 6th and 7
75
000

    
100
000

    
125
000



    
    


The
Company incurred $429
934 and $304
157 of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017. Royalty expenses are
included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.

Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders

(A)
April 1
 2015

The
Company entered into a fourth Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective April 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company
shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination
of the Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000
or more is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of
$5
000 (as determined by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the
immediately preceding month) on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.

The
Company upon closing of the Financing shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by
Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year
warrants to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock
(and/or shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable
securities) sold at such closing. The warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the
closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the
Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price
thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein
with respect to each such closing.

During
the year ended January 31
 2017
 the Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10
000. In connection with the Initial
Closing
 the Company agreed to pay an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157
300. The Company also granted warrants
to purchase 364
466 shares of common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $241
769 which is
treated as a direct cost of the Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. In connection with
the Initial Closing
 the Company granted warrants to purchase 80
000 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share. Spartan exercised
364
466 warrants during the year ended January 31
 2018.

During
the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 no payments were made to Spartan.

Operating
Lease


for office
 manufacturing
 and warehouse space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease expires on March 31
 2024

option. The Company leases additional office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. This lease is for a 51-month term expiring on March
31
 2019 with annual payments of $18
847.

Rent
expense for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 was $297
339 and $256
681
 respectively.

Total
future minimum payments required under the lease as of January 31
 2018 are as follows:



Years
    Ending January 31

    

    
210
809

    
201
599

    
199
757

    
209
846

    
211
864

    
247
174

    
1
281
049


Note
11 - Income Tax Provision (Benefit)

The
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following:




    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
188
418
    
    
    
(105
137
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(106
002
    

    
    
    
2
188
418
    
    
    
211
139
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


On
December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Tax Reform Bill&rdquo;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of
the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the
federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
2018
 the lower tax rate of 21% will be used to calculate the amount of any federal income tax due on taxable income earned during
2019.



loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $11.1 million and $11.1 million at January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
available to offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code
Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking
a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating
loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $10.9 million and $10.9
million at January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2035.


assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods
in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After
consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended January 31
2018 and 2017
 the change in the valuation allowance was $2
188
418 and $211
139
 respectively.

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain
positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position
must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to
as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo; A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of
tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation
to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.

If
applicable
 interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other
expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo; in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General
and administrative.&rdquo;

No
interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of January
31
 2018 and 2017
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant
changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.

The
Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:




    
    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
252
384
    
    
    
5
456
947
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
252
384
    
    
    
5
456
947
    

    
    
    
(3
183
275
    
    
    
(5
371
693
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
69
109
    
    
    
85
254
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(69
109
    
    
    
(85
254
    

    
    
    
(69
109
    
    
    
(85
254
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


The
expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
Year
    Ended

 2018
    
    
Year
    Ended 

 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

US
    Federal statutory rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State
    income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax true-up
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    permanent differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Income
    tax provision (benefit)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Note
12

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation
the Company has identified the following reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.

In
May 2018
 the Company entered into a sales leaseback agreement for equipment with a third-party lender. The agreement has a 4-year
lease period and a 15% residual buy back option at the end of the term. The total equipment cost under the agreement was $213
250.



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2018 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date: May 15
 2018
    

    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    

Carl
    Wolf
    

Principal
    Executive Officer
    



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Lawrence Morgenstein
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2018 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date: May 15
 2018
    

    
    

/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    

Principal
    Financial Officer
    



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2018 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date: May 15
 2018
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
Carl
    Wolf

    
Principal
    Executive Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
    













     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2018 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date: May 15
 2018
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein

    
Lawrence
    Morgenstein

    
Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    


    
    

    

    
    


    


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;
 6th and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;125



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;210
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;201
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;199
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;209
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;247
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
281

    
    
    
    





    
    





    
    
    
    
    



    


    



    


    

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
&#13;(formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22

 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf and other similar meats and sauces. The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;customers are located throughout the United States

 2017
 the Company
 Joseph Epstein&#13;Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 a New Jersey corporation (&amp;#8220;JEFE&amp;#8221;)
 and MMMB Acquisition
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and wholly&#13;owned subsidiary of the Company (&amp;#8220;Merger Sub&amp;#8221;)
 completed the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger&#13;(&amp;#8220;Merger Agreement&amp;#8221;) by and among the Company
 JEFE
 and Merger Sub
 dated as of November 1
 2017. Pursuant to the&#13;terms of the Merger Agreement
 JEFE has merged with and into Merger Sub

 the Company acquired all assets of JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment&#13;of the Inter-Company Loan between the parties
 (b) the assumption by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses
&#13;(c) assumption by the Company of certain third-party loans to JEFE and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect to his collateralization&#13;of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount of approximately $250
000. As a result of the transaction
 (i) the Company became the sole&#13;shareholder of JEFE
 which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (ii) following the Closing
 JEFE&amp;#8217;s financial statements&#13;as of the Closing are consolidated with the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (collectively



 among&#13;others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts

 situation or set of circumstances&#13;that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could&#13;change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly

 and in the future&#13;expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
&#13;among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in&#13;which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining&#13;to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others


&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the receivable&#13;net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had reserves of $2

 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January&#13;31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;486
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;374
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;824
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;806



 the fair value&#13;of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties

 2018 and 2017 were $138
000 and $153
296

 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales&#13;price to the customer is fixed or determinable

 sales discounts

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
004
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
498
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;460
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;449
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
543
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
048

 freight
 packaging

 2018 and 2017 were $1
773
939 and $1
607
581


 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted&#13;stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative&#13;expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided

 2018 and 2017
&#13;share-based compensation amounted to $428
240 and $598
200

 2018 and 2017
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

 the term is used to refer to either earnings or&#13;loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs&#13;260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)&#13;by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders&#13;shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends&#13;accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that&#13;amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation&#13;of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding&#13;if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from&#13;common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;228
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(506
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;228
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(506
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
811
521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
100
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;350
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
974
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
205
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
100
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(a) - Anti-dilutive securities excluded:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
041
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
659

 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts&#13;of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered&#13;or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that&#13;included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary

 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination&#13;by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2018. The Company recognizes accrued interest&#13;and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and&#13;penalties at January 31
 2018. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments

 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning&#13;the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state

 the related&#13;parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&amp;#8220;Affiliate&amp;#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other&#13;person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with&#13;such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments&#13;in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection&#13;of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees

 the FASB issued the ASU No. 2015-11&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-11&amp;#8221;)&lt;i&gt;. &lt;/i&gt;The&#13;amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.&#13;The amendments apply to all other inventory
 which includes inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average&#13;cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable&#13;value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
&#13;and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public&#13;business entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. During the years ended January 31
 2017

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842).&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; Under ASU 2016-02
 lessees will be required to recognize
 for all leases of 12 months&#13;or more
 a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the&#13;lease term. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the&#13;nature of an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting&#13;for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several&#13;aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
 including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)&#13;classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance&#13;is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. During&#13;the year ended January 31
 2018

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. In March&#13;2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting&#13;Revenue Gross verses Net) (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. These amendments provide additional clarification and implementation guidance&#13;on the previously issued ASU 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide&#13;clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping&#13;and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&amp;#8217;s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right&#13;to use an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property. The amendments in&#13;ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how&#13;it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide&#13;with an entity&amp;#8217;s adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which the Company intends to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;
 which&#13;narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability
 noncash consideration
 presentation of sales tax and&#13;transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and does not&#13;expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. The Company is in the&#13;process of performing an initial review of custom contracts to determine the impact that ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates&#13;will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements or financial statement disclosures upon adoption.&#13;Based on this preliminary review
 the Company believes that the timing and measurement of revenue for these customers will be similar&#13;to the current revenue recognition. However
 this view is preliminary and could change based on the detailed analysis associated&#13;with the conversion and implementation phases of ASU 2014-09. The Company intends to utilize the transition method

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2016-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified&#13;in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The new standard will&#13;require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;
 &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception&#13;that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory&#13;until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-18
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;
 requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the&#13;total cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance&#13;is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods therein
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock&#13;Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260)
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for&#13;Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests&#13;with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. Part I of this update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments&#13;with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result&#13;in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost&#13;and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features&#13;that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty&#13;of navigating Topic 480
 &lt;i&gt;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;
 because of the existence of extensive pending content in&#13;the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements&#13;about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling&#13;interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting effect. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and&#13;interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-13
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842). &lt;/i&gt;The new standard
 among other things
 provides additional&#13;implementation guidance with respect to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606 and ASC Topic 842. ASU 2017-03 is effective&#13;for annual and interim fiscal reporting periods beginning after December 15

 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted



 2018&#13;and January 31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
431
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
707
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;71
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
326
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
574
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
100
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
074
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
536
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
499
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
563

 2018 and 2017 amounted to $538
322 and $441
585



 the Company acquired a 34.62%&#13;interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&amp;#8220;MO&amp;#8221;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using&#13;the equity method of accounting. Accordingly

 2011

 2018 and 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s ownership interest in MO was 12% and 12%



 2018 and 2017
&#13;the Company generated approximately $104
081 and $76
342 in revenues from MO

 2018 and 2017
 the Company&#13;had a receivable of $32
869 and $8
189 due from MO



 2018 and 2017
&#13;the Company recorded $24
000 in commission expense from WWS

 2016
 the&#13;Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company. The notes bear interest at a rate&#13;of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until February 2019. As of January 31
 2018&#13;and 2017
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $117

 2020. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 there was $400
000&#13;of principal outstanding

 which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on February 1
 2020. At January 31
 2018&#13;and 2017
 there was $132
000 of principal outstanding

 2018 and 2017
&#13;the Company recorded interest expense of $47
266 and $47
266
 respectively


 2014
 the Company entered into&#13;a Loan and Security Agreement (&amp;#8220;Loan and Security Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&amp;#8220;EGC&amp;#8221;)&#13;which contains a line of credit. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the outstanding balance on the line of credit was $2
702
390&#13;and $1
363
145
 respectively. In September 2016
 the agreement was amended and the total facility increased to an aggregate principal&#13;amount of up to $3
200

150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;350
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;800

 EGC made an accommodation whereby the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit could&#13;be increased to $2
500
000
 provided that the aggregate principal amount of the facility did not exceed $3
200
000. Also
 in July&#13;2017
 EGC advanced an additional loan to the Company in the principal amount of $300
000
 subject to $50
000 monthly repayments&#13;commencing October 31
 2017. In relation to the over advance
 the Company paid a fee totaling $24
697 which is recorded as a debt&#13;discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note. EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount&#13;not to exceed the Inventory Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement)&#13;in an amount up to 50% of finished goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material
 which is capped at $30

 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made&#13;against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of the&#13;highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility&#13;is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one-year period. The Company is required to pay an&#13;annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3
200
000 facility and pays an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the&#13;total facility. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns&#13;are secured by all of the assets of the Company. Due to the terms of the agreement regarding a subjective acceleration clause and&#13;a lockbox arrangement

 2014
 the Company also entered&#13;into a 5-year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&amp;#8220;EGC Note&amp;#8221;) with EGC. In September 2016
 the ECG Note was increased&#13;to $700
000 with an extended maturity date of September 30
 2021. The amended EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of&#13;$11
667. The EGC Note was further amended in October 2017 to increase the note to $800
000 with principal payments of $13
795.&#13;The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event of default
 the Company&#13;shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all of the assets&#13;of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $758
615 and $653
332 as of January 31
 2018 and 2017

 in connection with the Loan&#13;and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 entered into a Guarantee Agreement with EGC


 2014
 the Company entered into&#13;a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Manatuck&amp;#8221;)&#13;whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &amp;#8220;Manatuck Debenture&amp;#8221;) in favor of Manatuck. The&#13;Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck&#13;Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted common stock. In April 2015
 the maturity&#13;date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&amp;#8217;s&#13;review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32&#13;and recorded $39

 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares&#13;granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the&#13;debt

 2015
 the note was further amended&#13;to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution of the extension
 the Company was required to&#13;purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
 a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment&#13;fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt. In addition
 the extension reduced accrued&#13;interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
000. Based on management&amp;#8217;s review
 the accounting&#13;for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the existing&#13;debt of $2
000
000
 wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190
483 and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating&#13;to this note of $19
106. The loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089 on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off&#13;of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off of the debt issuance costs of $19
106
 and the amendment fee of $170

 the note was further amended&#13;to extend the maturity date to September 30
 2017 and also removed the convertible feature of the note. The principal amount of&#13;the note was increased to $2
898
523
 which is inclusive of accrued interest payable through October 31
 2016. In addition
 the&#13;Company paid an origination fee of $50
000 on October 31

 2017
 the Company further extended&#13;the maturity date to May 1
 2018. The Company paid to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma&#13;balance payable on account of the note as of March 31

 2018
 the Company further extended&#13;the maturity date to November 1

 2018
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through January 31
 2018;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company shall make monthly principal payments to Manatuck of $100

 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company accrued the 2% fee totaling $52
236 which is&#13;recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method. There&#13;was unamortized debt discount of $84
841 and $48
094 as of January 31
 2018 and 2017

 2018 and 2017 was $1
403
082 and $2
700
725

 2015
 the Company entered into&#13;a note payable with a bank for $250
000
 which was used to pay down and replace a prior note payable. The note bears interest at&#13;3.75%
 with interest being due monthly. The note is due in full on the maturity date of April 1


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
198
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;483
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;658
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;124
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
750


 2018
 the&#13;Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 40% and 10% of gross sales. During the year ended January&#13;31
 2017

 2018
 these two customers&#13;represented approximately 43% and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. As of January 31
 2017
 these two&#13;customers represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross outstanding receivables


 2017
 (the effective date)
 23
400&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock were automatically converted into approximately 3
466
667 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation
 the automatic conversion occurred on June&#13;27
 2017 following the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during any ten consecutive trading days remaining at least&#13;$1.0125. The conversion became effective on July 27

 2018
 the&#13;Company issued 90
717 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred stockholders for the dividends in arrears&#13;totaling $91

 2017
 the&#13;Company issued 509
894 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred stockholders for the dividends in arrears&#13;totaling $271

 2018
 the&#13;Company issued 225
882 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services rendered of $255

 2017
 the&#13;Company issued 793
307 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services rendered of $470

 upon amendment of the&#13;Manatuck Debenture on October 29
 2015
 the Company repurchased the 230
000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $149

 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;496
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;496
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;385
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;881
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;799
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(254
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;866
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;699

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.42 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;699

 2018 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding&#13;and exercisable was $562
290 and $498
827

 2018 and 2017
&#13;the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of $172
740 and $127
700
 respectively. At January&#13;31
 2018
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $135

 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
915
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
510
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
510
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
425
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
425
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(364
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
061
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
061

061
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.54 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
061

 2018
 the total intrinsic value&#13;of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $3
020
483 and $3
020
483

 2018
 364
466&#13;warrants were exercised by the warrant holders on a cashless basis. The Company issued 159



 the Company may become involved&#13;in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
&#13;and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently&#13;not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse&#13;effect on its business

 2010
 the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial&#13;manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &amp;#8220;Licensor Product&amp;#8221; and collectively the &amp;#8220;Licensor Products&amp;#8221;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee
 Licensor&amp;#8217;s trade secret recipes

 2009&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Effective Date&amp;#8221;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended as provided&#13;herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th&#13;and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement Year
&#13;Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &amp;#8220;Minimum&#13;Royalty&amp;#8221;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement&#13;and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty-five (25)&#13;years
 by notice in writing to Licensor

 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee&#13;that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith


 multiplied by Company&amp;#8217;s &amp;#8220;Net&#13;Sales&amp;#8221;. As used herein
 &amp;#8220;Net Sales&amp;#8221; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly to unrelated&#13;third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or&#13;granted from the billed amount (collectively &amp;#8220;Discounts&amp;#8221;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually granted upon&#13;claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Credits&amp;#8221;); (c) freight
 postage
&#13;shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when&#13;included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance&#13;with reasonable accounting methods

000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement&#13;year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of&#13;$20
000


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;
 6th and 7&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and 9&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;sup&gt;th &lt;/sup&gt;and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;125

934 and $304
157&#13;of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31


 LLC (&amp;#8220;Spartan&amp;#8221;) effective April 1
 2015&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a&#13;non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.&#13;Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000&#13;per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall&#13;pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised&#13;in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined&#13;by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month)&#13;on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1

 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver&#13;to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon&#13;exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants&#13;shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price&#13;equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
&#13;or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more&#13;than one closing

 2017
 the&#13;Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10
000. In connection with the Initial Closing
 the Company agreed to pay&#13;an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157
300. The Company also granted warrants to purchase 364
466 shares of&#13;common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $241
769 which is treated as a direct cost of the&#13;Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. In connection with the Initial Closing
 the Company&#13;granted warrants to purchase 80
000 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share. Spartan exercised 364
466 warrants during the year&#13;ended January 31

 2018 and&#13;2017

 manufacturing
&#13;and warehouse space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease expires on March 31
 2024
 with a 5-year renewal option. The Company leases&#13;additional office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. This lease is for a 51-month term expiring on March 31
 2019 with annual payments&#13;of $18

&#13;2018 and 2017 was $297
339 and $256
681


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;210
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;201
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;199
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;209
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;247
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
281



 the Company entered into a sales leaseback agreement for equipment with a third-party lender. The agreement has a 4-year&#13;lease period and a 15% residual buy back option at the end of the term. The total equipment cost under the agreement was $213


 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January&#13;31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;486
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;374
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;824
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;806




 sales discounts

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
004
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
498
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;460
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;449
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
543
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
048


 2018 and 2017
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;228
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(506
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;228
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(506
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
811
521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
100
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;350
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
974
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
205
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
100
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(a) - Anti-dilutive securities excluded:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
041
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
659


 2018&#13;and January 31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
431
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
707
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;71
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
326
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
574
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
100
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
074
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
536
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
499
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
563


150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory Revolving Line of Credit:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;350
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Term Loan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;800



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
198
784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;483
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;658
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;124
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
750


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;496
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;496
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;385
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;881
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;799
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(254
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;866
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;699

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one -year period. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3
200
000 facility and pays an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the total facility. In the event of default


 in arrears. In the event of default

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 among&#13;others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts

 situation or set of circumstances&#13;that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could&#13;change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly


 and in the future&#13;expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
&#13;among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in&#13;which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining&#13;to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others




&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from&#13;the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the&#13;receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had reserves of $2


 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January&#13;31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;486
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;374
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;824
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;806





 the fair value&#13;of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties


 2018 and 2017 were $138
000 and $153
296

    

 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales&#13;price to the customer is fixed or determinable

 sales discounts

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
004
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
498
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;460
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;449
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
543
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
048


 freight
 packaging


 2018 and 2017 were $1
773
939 and $1
607
581



 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted&#13;stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative&#13;expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided

 2018 and 2017
&#13;share-based compensation amounted to $428
240 and $598
200

 2018 and 2017
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31


 the term is used to refer to either earnings or&#13;loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs&#13;260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)&#13;by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders&#13;shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends&#13;accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that&#13;amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation&#13;of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding&#13;if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from&#13;common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;228
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(506
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;228
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(506
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
811
521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
100
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;350
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
974
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
205
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27
100
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(a) - Anti-dilutive securities excluded:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
041
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
659


 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts&#13;of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered&#13;or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that&#13;included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary

 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination&#13;by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2018. The Company recognizes accrued interest&#13;and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and&#13;penalties at January 31
 2018. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments

 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning&#13;the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state


 the FASB issued the ASU No. 2015-11&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&amp;#8221; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-11&amp;#8221;)&lt;i&gt;. &lt;/i&gt;The&#13;amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.&#13;The amendments apply to all other inventory
 which includes inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average&#13;cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable&#13;value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
&#13;and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public&#13;business entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. During the years ended January 31
 2017

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842).&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; Under ASU 2016-02
 lessees will be required to recognize
 for all leases of 12 months&#13;or more
 a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the&#13;lease term. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the&#13;nature of an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting&#13;for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several&#13;aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
 including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)&#13;classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance&#13;is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. During&#13;the year ended January 31
 2018

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. In March&#13;2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting&#13;Revenue Gross verses Net) (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;. These amendments provide additional clarification and implementation guidance&#13;on the previously issued ASU 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide&#13;clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping&#13;and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&amp;#8217;s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right&#13;to use an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&amp;#8217;s intellectual property. The amendments in&#13;ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how&#13;it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide&#13;with an entity&amp;#8217;s adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which the Company intends to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning&#13;after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;
 which&#13;narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability
 noncash consideration
 presentation of sales tax and&#13;transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and does not&#13;expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. The Company is in the&#13;process of performing an initial review of custom contracts to determine the impact that ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates&#13;will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements or financial statement disclosures upon adoption.&#13;Based on this preliminary review
 the Company believes that the timing and measurement of revenue for these customers will be similar&#13;to the current revenue recognition. However
 this view is preliminary and could change based on the detailed analysis associated&#13;with the conversion and implementation phases of ASU 2014-09. The Company intends to utilize the transition method

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2016-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified&#13;in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The new standard will&#13;require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;
 &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception&#13;that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory&#13;until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-18
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;
 requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the&#13;total cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance&#13;is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods therein
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock&#13;Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260)
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for&#13;Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests&#13;with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. Part I of this update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments&#13;with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result&#13;in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost&#13;and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features&#13;that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty&#13;of navigating Topic 480
 &lt;i&gt;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;
 because of the existence of extensive pending content in&#13;the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements&#13;about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling&#13;interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting effect. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and&#13;interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-13
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842). &lt;/i&gt;The new standard
 among other things
 provides additional&#13;implementation guidance with respect to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606 and ASC Topic 842. ASU 2017-03 is effective&#13;for annual and interim fiscal reporting periods beginning after December 15

 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
915
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
510
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
510
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
425
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
425
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(364
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
061
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable &amp;#8211; January 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
061


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.42 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;699


061
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.54 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
061

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    
    





    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

    


    
    

 the related&#13;parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&amp;#8220;Affiliate&amp;#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other&#13;person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control&#13;with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments&#13;in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection&#13;of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through January 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

    


    
    


    

    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
188
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(105
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(106
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
188
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211

 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs&#13;Act (the &amp;#8220;Tax Reform Bill&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured&#13;its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement&#13;of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018

 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 available to&#13;offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382&#13;should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed&#13;analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss&#13;carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $10.9 million and $10.9 million at January&#13;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be&#13;realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods&#13;in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled&#13;reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After&#13;consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future&#13;realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended January 31
&#13;2018 and 2017
 the change in the valuation allowance was $2
188
418 and $211
139

 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the Company&#13;has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized


 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
252
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
456
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
252
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
456
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
183
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
371
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(69
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(85
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(69
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(85

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
188
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(105
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(106
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
188
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;211


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
252
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
456
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
252
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
456
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
183
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
371
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(69
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(85
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(69
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(85


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#147;Tax Reform Bill&#148;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018

    
    
    
    

 2015 through October 1





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      



000



      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      



000




000







      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      



 Inc.



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 31
753
437 and 27
810
717 shares issued and outstanding



      



 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 shares



      



 230
000 shares



      


      














































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      






      






      


      






      






      





      

      





      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      



 Discounts


      










      










      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


 plant and equipment



      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      






      

      


      





      






      


      

      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      




      






      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      





























 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Weighted Average Exercise Price















 Weighted Average Exercise Price



 Weighted Average Exercise Price



      


      


      










      

































 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Weighted Average Exercise Price















 Weighted Average Exercise Price



 Weighted Average Exercise Price










      


      





      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      






      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 shares authorized under stock warrant plans



      

      


000



000


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 equity instruments warrant
 aggregate intrinsic value


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Inc.


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      







      




      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      











 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment


      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable


      

      

      

      


 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments


















 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 31
 2018
May 15
 2018
Jul. 31
 2017













 Inc.



























  2018



































































352
015



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



793
944
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











322


807



Accounts receivable
 net

084
715


817
820





276


623





980


260





752
293


475
510



Property and equipment
 net

499
875


563
381





177


177





272
345


059
068












456
918


124
880



Line of credit
 net

688
764


363
145





938


004





403
082


401
906





655
702


029
935





677


328





000


548
819





656


656





551
333


711
803





207
035


741
728
























Common stock
 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 31
753
437 and 27
810
717 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively








344
794


825
029



Common stock subscribed
 $0.00001 par value; 66
667 shares
 respectively








130
303)


358
478)



Less: Treasury stock
 230
000 shares
 respectively

500)


500)





934
690)


682
670)





272
345


059
068




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Monetary value of common stock allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of common stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of the asset transferred to a third party to serve as a deposit
 which typically serves as security against failure by the transferor to perform under terms of an agreement.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

880
000


880
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

753
437


810
717



Common stock
 shares outstanding

753
437


810
717



Common stock subscribed
 par value






Common stock subscribed
 shares

667


667



Treasury stock
 shares

000


000










Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued

400


400



Preferred stock
 shares outstanding



400






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount of common stock allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of common stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











543
335


048
792





282
660


830
104





260
675


218
688












000


296





059
533


609
409





197
533


762
705





063
142


983












974)


537)





428)


526)





402)


063)





740


080)





565)


921)





175


001)



















811
521


100
316





205
577


100
316


























































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.





















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Balance at Jan. 31
 2016





500)


954
928




852
477)


046
783)



Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2016

400


507
516


000)



















700






700











492






500



Stock issued for services
 shares



307





















909






914



Series A Preferred dividend issued in common shares
 shares



894










894















921)


921)















080)


080)



Balance at Jan. 31
 2017





500)


825
029




358
478)


682
670)



Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2017

400


810
717


000)



















740






740

















500











564






565



Series A Preferred dividend issued in common shares
 shares



717










717















565)


565)











498






500



Common stock issued for services
 shares



882






























Common stock issued for exercise of warrants
 shares



454






























Conversion of Series A Preferred to common
 shares

400)


466
667

























740


740



Balance at Jan. 31
 2018





500)


344
794




130
303)


934
690)



Balance
 shares at Jan. 31
 2018



753
437


000)
































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











740


080)












322


585





428


526





240


200












266
895)


238)





653)


871)





720)


093












332
038


019





315
500


234












474
816)


869)





474
816)


869)














344)





350
000)


279)





697)


000)



Borrowings (repayments) of line of credit
 net

339
245


524





671


000





388)


668)





831


233





485)


402)





807


209





322


807



















958


821












565


914





104


523


























































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.





















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.

















































































































Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).






















































































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






Note 1 - Nature of Operations and Basis
of Presentation




 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
(formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada corporation. The Company has a year-end
of January 31.


of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf and other similar meats and sauces. The Company&#8217;s
customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast.




 2017
 the Company
 Joseph Epstein
Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 a New Jersey corporation (&#8220;JEFE&#8221;)
 and MMMB Acquisition
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company (&#8220;Merger Sub&#8221;)
 completed the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger
(&#8220;Merger Agreement&#8221;) by and among the Company
 JEFE
 and Merger Sub
 dated as of November 1
 2017. Pursuant to the
terms of the Merger Agreement
 JEFE has merged with and into Merger Sub
 with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.


in connection with the merger
 the Company acquired all assets of JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment
of the Inter-Company Loan between the parties
 (b) the assumption by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses
(c) assumption by the Company of certain third-party loans to JEFE and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect to his collateralization
of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount of approximately $250
000. As a result of the transaction
 (i) the Company became the sole
shareholder of JEFE
 which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (ii) following the Closing
 JEFE&#8217;s financial statements
as of the Closing are consolidated with the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (collectively
 the &#8220;Merger Transaction&#8221;).
No cash or stock was exchanged in connection with the transaction.

under
Accounting Standards
entities
under common control. The assets and liabilities of JEFE transferred between entities under common control were recorded by the

periods presented.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018








Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies




notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US
GAAP&#8221;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting period(s). All inter-company balances
and transactions have been eliminated.




in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among
others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.


significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could
change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly
from our estimates.




subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to significant risk and
uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future
expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in
which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining
to food and beverages in connection with the Company&#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it
difficult to project the Company&#8217;s operating results on a consistent basis.




purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2018
and 2017.


with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed federally
insured limits.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts


management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the receivable
net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.




or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January
31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
486
917
    
    
    
374
000
    

    
    
    
21
387
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
315
972
    
    
    
432
623
    

    
    
    
824
276
    
    
    
806
623
    





Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.


the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated
statements of operations.




 the fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s short-term financial instruments approximates
fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.




Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 were $138
000 and $153
296
 respectively.




as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.




all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales
price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.




 sales discounts
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

January 31
 2018
    
    
    

January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
28
004
078
    
    
    
18
498
142
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
460
743
    
    
    
449
350
    

    
    
    
27
543
335
    
    
    
18
048
792
    





to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#8217;s products. Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
 and
print production costs.




advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
January 31
 2018 and 2017 were $1
773
939 and $1
607
581
 respectively.




in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;) which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in

Based Payments to Non-Employees


payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are
based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2018 and 2017
share-based compensation amounted to $428
240 and $598
200
 respectively.


 2018 and 2017
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the &#8220;simplified&#8221; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method
to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise
data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.


Company&#8217;s stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Risk free interest
rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.




amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or
loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs
260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders
shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends
accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that
amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation
of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from
common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.


of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per
common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
228
175
    
    
    
(506
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
228
175
    
    
    
(506
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
811
521
    
    
    
27
100
316
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
350
694
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
974
648
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
205
577
    
    
    
27
100
316
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
041
001
    
    
    
11
659
841
    





method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740
.&#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized.


and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2018. The Company recognizes accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and
penalties at January 31
 2018. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception.


by federal
 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state
 and
city tax laws. The Company&#8217;s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially
change over the next twelve months.


by tax authorities for years prior to 2015.




the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


 the related
parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&#8220;Affiliate&#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other
person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with
such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments
in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection
of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of the
Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests.




 the FASB issued the ASU No. 2015-11
The
amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.
The amendments apply to all other inventory
 which includes inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average
cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable
value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public
business entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim
periods within those fiscal years. During the years ended January 31
 2017
 the Company adopted the methodologies prescribed by
ASU 2015-11 and deemed that the adoption of the ASU did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Under ASU 2016-02
 lessees will be required to recognize
 for all leases of 12 months
or more
 a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the
lease term. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the
nature of an entity&#8217;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach.
The Company is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
&#8221;. The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting
for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
 including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. During
the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company adopted the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2016-09 and deemed that the adoption of
the ASU did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
&#8221;. In March
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08

Revenue Gross verses Net) (Topic 606)
on the previously issued ASU 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide
clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping
and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&#8217;s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right
to use an entity&#8217;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&#8217;s intellectual property. The amendments in
ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how
it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide
with an entity&#8217;s adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which the Company intends to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&#8220;
 which
narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability
 noncash consideration
 presentation of sales tax and
transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and does not
expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. The Company is in the
process of performing an initial review of custom contracts to determine the impact that ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates
will have on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements or financial statement disclosures upon adoption.
Based on this preliminary review
 the Company believes that the timing and measurement of revenue for these customers will be similar
to the current revenue recognition. However
 this view is preliminary and could change based on the detailed analysis associated
with the conversion and implementation phases of ASU 2014-09. The Company intends to utilize the transition method
 retrospectively
adopting with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard at the date of initial application.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 (&#8220;ASU
2016-15&#8221;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The new standard will
require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply
 in which case it would be required to apply the
amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company does not expect the adoption will have a material effect
on its financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

 
that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory
until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-18

 requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the
total cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods therein
 beginning after December 15
 2017 with early adoption permitted.
The provisions of this guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which requires application of the guidance for
all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09

Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting
&#8221; 
or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This standard is
required to be adopted in the first quarter of 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for
Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests
with a Scope Exception&#8221;
with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result
in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost
and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features
that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty
of navigating Topic 480
 
 because of the existence of extensive pending content in
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements
about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling
interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting effect. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and
interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-13

 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842). 
 among other things
 provides additional
implementation guidance with respect to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606 and ASC Topic 842. ASU 2017-03 is effective
for annual and interim fiscal reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption will
have a material effect on its financial statements and disclosures.


issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.




transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure. Any material events that occur between
the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as subsequent events
 while the financial
statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]









 2018
and January 31
 2017 are as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
2
431
589
    
    
    
1
707
004
    

    
    
    
71
969
    
    
    
66
306
    

    
    
    
2
071
169
    
    
    
1
326
861
    

    
    
    
4
574
727
    
    
    
3
100
171
    

    
    
    
2
074
852
    
    
    
1
536
790
    

    
    
    
2
499
875
    
    
    
1
563
381
    



the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 amounted to $538
322 and $441
585
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC


Jan. 31
 2018

Investments in and Advances to Affiliates
 Schedule of Investments [Abstract]




Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

Note 4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
LLC


 the Company acquired a 34.62%
interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&#8220;MO&#8221;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using
the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&#8217;s equity in the
undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.


 2011
 the investment was written
down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.


MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&#8217;s ownership interest in MO was 12% and 12%
respectively.



































The entire disclosure for the information summarizing investments in and advances to majority-owned subsidiaries
 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018










Meatball Obsession
 LLC


of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&#8220;MO&#8221;).


 2018 and 2017
the Company generated approximately $104
081 and $76
342 in revenues from MO
 respectively.


 2018 and 2017
 the Company
had a receivable of $32
869 and $8
189 due from MO
 respectively.

WWS
 Inc.


of WWS
 Inc.


 2018 and 2017
the Company recorded $24
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales.




 2016
 the
Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company. The notes bear interest at a rate
of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until February 2019. As of January 31
 2018
and 2017
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $117
656.


of the Company which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on February 1
 2020. At January 31
 2018 and 2017
 there was $400
000
of principal outstanding
 respectively.


100% owned by the CEO of the Company
 which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on February 1
 2020. At January 31
 2018
and 2017
 there was $132
000 of principal outstanding
 respectively.


 2018 and 2017
the Company recorded interest expense of $47
266 and $47
266
 respectively
 related to the above related party notes payable.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018











 2014
 the Company entered into
a Loan and Security Agreement (&#8220;Loan and Security Agreement&#8221;) with Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC (&#8220;EGC&#8221;)
which contains a line of credit. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the outstanding balance on the line of credit was $2
702
390
and $1
363
145
 respectively. In September 2016
 the agreement was amended and the total facility increased to an aggregate principal
amount of up to $3
200
000. The facility consists of the following:



    
    
    
    
2
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
350
000
    

    
    
    
    
800
000
    



aggregate amount not to exceed the Accounts Revolving Line of Credit up to 85% of the net amount of Eligible Accounts (as defined
in the Loan and Security Agreement). In July 2017
 EGC made an accommodation whereby the Accounts Receivable Line of Credit could
be increased to $2
500
000
 provided that the aggregate principal amount of the facility did not exceed $3
200
000. Also
 in July
2017
 EGC advanced an additional loan to the Company in the principal amount of $300
000
 subject to $50
000 monthly repayments
commencing October 31
 2017. In relation to the over advance
 the Company paid a fee totaling $24
697 which is recorded as a debt
discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note. EGC may from time to time make loans in an aggregate amount
not to exceed the Inventory Revolving Line of Credit against Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement)
in an amount up to 50% of finished goods and in an amount up to 20% of raw material
 which is capped at $30
000.


highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made
against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of the
highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility
is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one-year period. The Company is required to pay an
annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3
200
000 facility and pays an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the
total facility. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns
are secured by all of the assets of the Company. Due to the terms of the agreement regarding a subjective acceleration clause and
a lockbox arrangement
 the line of credit is shown as a current liability on the consolidated balance sheets.


 2014
 the Company also entered
into a 5-year $600
000 Secured Promissory Note (&#8220;EGC Note&#8221;) with EGC. In September 2016
 the ECG Note was increased
to $700
000 with an extended maturity date of September 30
 2021. The amended EGC Note is payable in 60 monthly installments of
$11
667. The EGC Note was further amended in October 2017 to increase the note to $800
000 with principal payments of $13
795.
The EGC Note bears interest at the prime rate plus 4.0% and is payable monthly
 in arrears. In the event of default
 the Company
shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. The EGC Note is secured by all of the assets
of the Company. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $758
615 and $653
332 as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


 in connection with the Loan
and Security Agreement
 Carl Wolf
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 entered into a Guarantee Agreement with EGC
 personally
guaranteeing all the amounts borrowed on behalf of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018











 2014
 the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement (the &#8220;Manatuck Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC (&#8220;Manatuck&#8221;)
whereby the Company issued a convertible redeemable debenture (the &#8220;Manatuck Debenture&#8221;) in favor of Manatuck. The
Manatuck Debenture is for $2
000
000 bearing interest at a rate of 14% and matures in February 2016. Upon issuance of the Manatuck
Debenture
 the Company granted Manatuck 200
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock. In April 2015
 the maturity
date was extended to May 2016 and 30
000 shares of restricted common stock were issued to Manatuck. Based on management&#8217;s
review
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company valued the 30
000 shares at the grant date share price of $1.32
and recorded $39
600 to debt discount on the consolidated balance sheet.


extension
 a debt discount of $498
350 was recorded for the fees incurred by the buyer as well as the value of the common shares
granted to Manatuck. The debt discount will be amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the
debt
 using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included
as a component of other expense in the consolidated statements of operations.


 2015
 the note was further amended
to extend the maturity date to December 19
 2016. Per the terms of the execution of the extension
 the Company was required to
purchase the above 230
000 shares issued to Manatuck for a share price of $0.65
 a value of $149
500 and incurred an amendment
fee of $170
500
 both of which were added to the outstanding principal of the debt. In addition
 the extension reduced accrued
interest by $220
000 and increased the outstanding principal of the debt by $220
000. Based on management&#8217;s review
 the accounting
for debt extinguishment applied. In accordance with the accounting for debt extinguishment
 the Company wrote-off the existing
debt of $2
000
000
 wrote-off the unamortized debt discount of $190
483 and wrote-off the remaining debt issuance costs relating
to this note of $19
106. The loss on debt extinguishment of $380
089 on the statement of operations is comprised of the write-off
of the remaining debt discount of $190
483
 the write-off of the debt issuance costs of $19
106
 and the amendment fee of $170
500.


 the note was further amended
to extend the maturity date to September 30
 2017 and also removed the convertible feature of the note. The principal amount of
the note was increased to $2
898
523
 which is inclusive of accrued interest payable through October 31
 2016. In addition
 the
Company paid an origination fee of $50
000 on October 31
 2016 which is recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over
the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method.


 2017
 the Company further extended
the maturity date to May 1
 2018. The Company paid to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma
balance payable on account of the note as of March 31
 2017.


 2018
 the Company further extended
the maturity date to November 1
 2018. Per the terms of the amended agreement:



    
    
The Company will pay to Manatuck a cash fee equal to two percent (2%) of the mutually-agreed pro-forma balance payable on account of the note as of January 31
 2018
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through January 31
 2018;

    
    
    

    
    
The Company shall make monthly principal payments to Manatuck of $100
000.



agreement and extension
 the accounting for debt modification applied. The Company accrued the 2% fee totaling $52
236 which is
recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method. There
was unamortized debt discount of $84
841 and $48
094 as of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


at January 31
 2018 and 2017 was $1
403
082 and $2
700
725
 respectively.


 2015
 the Company entered into
a note payable with a bank for $250
000
 which was used to pay down and replace a prior note payable. The note bears interest at
3.75%
 with interest being due monthly. The note is due in full on the maturity date of April 1
 2019. The note is fully guaranteed
by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer.


discussed above in Notes 5
 6 and 7) are as follows:



For the Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
4
198
784
    

    
    
    
483
758
    

    
    
    
658
051
    

    
    
    
136
852
    

    
    
    
148
579
    

    
    
    
124
093
    

    
    
    
5
750
117
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018













 2018
 the
Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 40% and 10% of gross sales. During the year ended January
31
 2017
 the Company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 28% and 13% of gross sales.


 2018
 these two customers
represented approximately 43% and 15% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. As of January 31
 2017
 these two
customers represented approximately 44% and 12% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018













 2017
 (the effective date)
 23
400
shares of the Company&#8217;s Series A Preferred Stock were automatically converted into approximately 3
466
667 shares of the
Company&#8217;s Common Stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation
 the automatic conversion occurred on June
27
 2017 following the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock during any ten consecutive trading days remaining at least
$1.0125. The conversion became effective on July 27
 2017.


 2018
 the
Company issued 90
717 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred stockholders for the dividends in arrears
totaling $91
565.


 2017
 the
Company issued 509
894 shares of its common stock to the holders of the Series A Preferred stockholders for the dividends in arrears
totaling $271
914.


 2018
 the
Company issued 225
882 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services rendered of $255
500.


 2017
 the
Company issued 793
307 shares of its common stock to employees and consultants for services rendered of $470
500.




 upon amendment of the
Manatuck Debenture on October 29
 2015
 the Company repurchased the 230
000 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $149
500
which is presented as Treasury Stock on the consolidated balance sheets.




option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2016
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2016
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
385
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
881
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
799
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
239
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(254
404
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
866
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
699
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
866
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
699
000
    
    
    
    
    



 2018 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding
and exercisable was $562
290 and $498
827
 respectively.


 2018 and 2017
the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of $172
740 and $127
700
 respectively. At January
31
 2018
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $135
614.




warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2016
    
    
4
915
865
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
2
510
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
510
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
7
425
865
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
7
425
865
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(364
466
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 the total intrinsic value
of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $3
020
483 and $3
020
483
 respectively.


 2018
 364
466
warrants were exercised by the warrant holders on a cashless basis. The Company issued 159
454 shares of common stock as a result
of this exercise.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018










Litigations
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse
effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
 the Company was assigned
a Development and License agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop
for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial
manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &#8220;Licensor Product&#8221; and collectively the &#8220;Licensor Products&#8221;).
Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product
by Licensee
 Licensor&#8217;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such
Licensor Products (the &#8220;Recipes&#8221;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


shall consist of the Exclusive Term and the Non-Exclusive Term. The 12-month period beginning on each January 1 and ending on each
December 31 is referred to herein as an &#8220;Agreement Year&#8221;.


 2009
(the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date
 unless terminated or extended as provided
herein. Licensor
 at its option
 may terminate the Exclusive Term by notice in writing to Licensee
 delivered between the 60th
and the 90th day following the end of any Agreement Year if
 on or before the 60th day following the end of such Agreement Year
Licensee has not paid Licensor Royalties with respect to such Agreement Year at least equal to the minimum royalty (the &#8220;Minimum
Royalty&#8221;) for such Agreement Year. Subject to the foregoing sentence
 and provided Licensee has not breached this Agreement
and failed to cure such breach in accordance herewith
 Licensee may extend the Exclusive Term for an additional twenty-five (25)
years
 by notice in writing to Licensor
 delivered on or before the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


of the Exclusive Term and continues indefinitely thereafter
 until terminated by Licensor due to a material breach hereof by Licensee
that remains uncured after notice and opportunity to cure in accordance herewith
 or until terminated by Licensee.


the event that the other party materially breaches its obligations and fails to cure such material breach within ninety (60) days
following written notice from the non-breaching party specifying the nature of the breach. The following termination rights are
in addition to the termination rights provided elsewhere in the agreement.



    
    
Termination by Licensee - Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time on ninety (60) days written notice to Licensor. In such event
 all moneys paid to Licensor shall be deemed non-refundable.



is required to pay quarterly royalty fees as follows:


Term the Company will pay a royalty equal to the royalty rate (the &#8220;Royalty Rate&#8221;)
 multiplied by Company&#8217;s &#8220;Net
Sales&#8221;. As used herein
 &#8220;Net Sales&#8221; means gross invoiced sales of Products
 directly or indirectly to unrelated
third parties
 less (a) discounts (including cash discounts)
 and retroactive price reductions or allowances actually allowed or
granted from the billed amount (collectively &#8220;Discounts&#8221;); (b) credits
 rebates
 and allowances actually granted upon
claims
 rejections or returns
 including recalls (voluntary or otherwise) (collectively
 &#8220;Credits&#8221;); (c) freight
 postage
shipping and insurance charges; (d) taxes
 duties or other governmental charges levied on or measured by the billing amount
 when
included in billing
 as adjusted for rebates and refunds; and (e) provisions for uncollectible accounts determined in accordance
with reasonable accounting methods
 consistently applied.


up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of
$20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


 the
Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    




    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6th and 7
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    



934 and $304
157
of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative
expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.




 2015


Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#8220;Spartan&#8221;) effective April 1
 2015
(the &#8220;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a
non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.
Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000
per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall
pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised
in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined
by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month)
on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.


pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver
to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the
Company&#8217;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants
shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price
equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more
than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


 2017
 the
Company paid to Spartan a one-time engagement fee of $10
000. In connection with the Initial Closing
 the Company agreed to pay
an aggregate cash fee and non-accountable allowance of $157
300. The Company also granted warrants to purchase 364
466 shares of
common stock at $0.675 per share. The warrants have a grant date fair value of $241
769 which is treated as a direct cost of the
Financing and has been recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital. In connection with the Initial Closing
 the Company
granted warrants to purchase 80
000 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share. Spartan exercised 364
466 warrants during the year
ended January 31
 2018.


 2018 and
2017
 no payments were made to Spartan.




 manufacturing
and warehouse space in East Rutherford
 NJ. The lease expires on March 31
 2024
 with a 5-year renewal option. The Company leases
additional office space in East Rutherford
 NJ. This lease is for a 51-month term expiring on March 31
 2019 with annual payments
of $18
847.


2018 and 2017 was $297
339 and $256
681
 respectively.


the lease as of January 31
 2018 are as follows:



Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
210
809
    

    
    
    
201
599
    

    
    
    
199
757
    

    
    
    
209
846
    

    
    
    
211
864
    

    
    
    
247
174
    

    
    
    
1
281
049
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018











of the following:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
188
418
    
    
    
(105
137
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(106
002
    

    
    
    
2
188
418
    
    
    
211
139
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the &#8220;Tax Reform Bill&#8221;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured
its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement
of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018
 the lower tax rate of 21% will be used to calculate
the amount of any federal income tax due on taxable income earned during 2019.


loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $11.1 million and $11.1 million at January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 available to
offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382
should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed
analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss
carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $10.9 million and $10.9 million at January
31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2035.


assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods
in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After
consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended January 31
2018 and 2017
 the change in the valuation allowance was $2
188
418 and $211
139
 respectively.


740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements. ASC 740
prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the Company
has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as &#8220;unrecognized benefits.&#8221;
A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized
tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&#8217;s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position
that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.


 interest costs related to the
unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &#8220;Other expenses &#8211; Interest&#8221;
in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &#8220;General and administrative.&#8221;


recorded during the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 no liability for unrecognized
tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant changes in its unrecognized tax benefits
in the next year.


consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
252
384
    
    
    
5
456
947
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
252
384
    
    
    
5
456
947
    

    
    
    
(3
183
275
    
    
    
(5
371
693
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
69
109
    
    
    
85
254
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(69
109
    
    
    
(85
254
    

    
    
    
(69
109
    
    
    
(85
254
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018









&#8211; Subsequent Events

The Company
has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation
the Company has identified the following reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.

In May
2018
 the Company entered into a sales leaseback agreement for equipment with a third-party lender. The agreement has a 4-year
lease period and a 15% residual buy back option at the end of the term. The total equipment cost under the agreement was $213
250.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018











related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US
GAAP&#8221;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.








all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting period(s). All inter-company balances
and transactions have been eliminated.








in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among
others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.


significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could
change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly
from our estimates.








subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to significant risk and
uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future
expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in
which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining
to food and beverages in connection with the Company&#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it
difficult to project the Company&#8217;s operating results on a consistent basis.








purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2018
and 2017.


with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed
federally insured limits.





Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts


management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. The maximum accounting loss from
the credit risk associated with accounts receivable is the amount of the receivable recorded
 which is the face amount of the
receivable net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of January 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.








or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January
31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
486
917
    
    
    
374
000
    

    
    
    
21
387
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
315
972
    
    
    
432
623
    

    
    
    
824
276
    
    
    
806
623
    










Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.


the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated
statements of operations.








 the fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s short-term financial instruments approximates
fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.








Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2018 and 2017 were $138
000 and $153
296
 respectively.








as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.








all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) the product is delivered
 (3) the sales
price to the customer is fixed or determinable
 and (4) collectability of the related customer receivable is reasonably assured.
There is no stated right of return for products.




 sales discounts
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

January 31
 2018
    
    
    

January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
28
004
078
    
    
    
18
498
142
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
460
743
    
    
    
449
350
    

    
    
    
27
543
335
    
    
    
18
048
792
    










to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#8217;s products. Costs include product development
 freight
 packaging
 and
print production costs.








advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
January 31
 2018 and 2017 were $1
773
939 and $1
607
581
 respectively.








in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;) which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in

Based Payments to Non-Employees


payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are
based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2018 and 2017
share-based compensation amounted to $428
240 and $598
200
 respectively.


 2018 and 2017
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the &#8220;simplified&#8221; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method
to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise
data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.


Company&#8217;s stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Risk free interest
rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.








amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or
loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs
260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders
shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends
accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that
amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation
of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from
common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.


of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per
common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
228
175
    
    
    
(506
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
228
175
    
    
    
(506
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
811
521
    
    
    
27
100
316
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
350
694
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
974
648
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
205
577
    
    
    
27
100
316
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
041
001
    
    
    
11
659
841
    










method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740
.&#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized.


and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2018. The Company recognizes accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and
penalties at January 31
 2018. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception.


by federal
 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state
 and
city tax laws. The Company&#8217;s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially
change over the next twelve months.


by tax authorities for years prior to 2015.








the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


 the related
parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&#8220;Affiliate&#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other
person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control
with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments
in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection
of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of
the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests.








 the FASB issued the ASU No. 2015-11
The
amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO) or the retail inventory method.
The amendments apply to all other inventory
 which includes inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average
cost. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable
value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. For public
business entities
 the amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim
periods within those fiscal years. During the years ended January 31
 2017
 the Company adopted the methodologies prescribed by
ASU 2015-11 and deemed that the adoption of the ASU did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Under ASU 2016-02
 lessees will be required to recognize
 for all leases of 12 months
or more
 a liability to make lease payments and a right-of-use asset representing the right to use the underlying asset for the
lease term. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the
nature of an entity&#8217;s leasing activities. This ASU is effective for public reporting companies for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted
 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach.
The Company is in the process of evaluating the effect of the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
&#8221;. The FASB issued this update to improve the accounting
for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees. Several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified
 including: (a) income tax consequences; (b)
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated guidance
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. During
the year ended January 31
 2018
 the Company adopted the methodologies prescribed by ASU 2016-09 and deemed that the adoption of
the ASU did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10
&#8221;. In March
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08

Revenue Gross verses Net) (Topic 606)
on the previously issued ASU 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;. The amendments in ASU 2016-10 provide
clarifying guidance on materiality of performance obligations; evaluating distinct performance obligations; treatment of shipping
and handling costs; and determining whether an entity&#8217;s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right
to use an entity&#8217;s intellectual property or a right to access an entity&#8217;s intellectual property. The amendments in
ASU 2016-08 clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how
it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. The adoption of ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-08 is to coincide
with an entity&#8217;s adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which the Company intends to adopt for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption will have a material effect on its financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
&#8220;
 which
narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability
 noncash consideration
 presentation of sales tax and
transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and does not
expect the adoption will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. The Company is in the
process of performing an initial review of custom contracts to determine the impact that ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates
will have on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements or financial statement disclosures upon adoption.
Based on this preliminary review
 the Company believes that the timing and measurement of revenue for these customers will be similar
to the current revenue recognition. However
 this view is preliminary and could change based on the detailed analysis associated
with the conversion and implementation phases of ASU 2014-09. The Company intends to utilize the transition method
 retrospectively
adopting with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard at the date of initial application.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 (&#8220;ASU
2016-15&#8221;). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The new standard will
require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply
 in which case it would be required to apply the
amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company does not expect the adoption will have a material effect
on its financial statements and disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

 
that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory
until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-18

 requiring that the statement of cash flows explain the change in the
total cash
 cash equivalents
 and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years
 and interim reporting periods therein
 beginning after December 15
 2017 with early adoption permitted.
The provisions of this guidance are to be applied using a retrospective approach which requires application of the guidance for
all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09

Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting
&#8221; 
or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. This standard is
required to be adopted in the first quarter of 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for
Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests
with a Scope Exception&#8221;
with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result
in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost
and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features
that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty
of navigating Topic 480
 
 because of the existence of extensive pending content in
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements
about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling
interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting effect. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and
interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2018.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-13

 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842). 
 among other things
 provides additional
implementation guidance with respect to Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606 and ASC Topic 842. ASU 2017-03 is effective
for annual and interim fiscal reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption will
have a material effect on its financial statements and disclosures.


issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.








transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure. Any material events that occur between
the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as subsequent events
 while the financial
statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018









or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January
31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
486
917
    
    
    
374
000
    

    
    
    
21
387
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
315
972
    
    
    
432
623
    

    
    
    
824
276
    
    
    
806
623
    








statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.



Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees
 Sales Discounts and Allowances are Accounted as Direct Reduction of Revenues


 sales discounts
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    

January 31
 2018
    
    
    

January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
28
004
078
    
    
    
18
498
142
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
460
743
    
    
    
449
350
    

    
    
    
27
543
335
    
    
    
18
048
792
    








 2018 and 2017
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted


of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per
common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
228
175
    
    
    
(506
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
228
175
    
    
    
(506
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
811
521
    
    
    
27
100
316
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
350
694
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
974
648
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
205
577
    
    
    
27
100
316
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
041
001
    
    
    
11
659
841
    































































































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.




























Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







 2018
and January 31
 2017 are as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
2
431
589
    
    
    
1
707
004
    

    
    
    
71
969
    
    
    
66
306
    

    
    
    
2
071
169
    
    
    
1
326
861
    

    
    
    
4
574
727
    
    
    
3
100
171
    

    
    
    
2
074
852
    
    
    
1
536
790
    

    
    
    
2
499
875
    
    
    
1
563
381
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018












    
    
    
    
2
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
350
000
    

    
    
    
    
800
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018









discussed above in Notes 5
 6 and 7) are as follows:



For the Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
4
198
784
    

    
    
    
483
758
    

    
    
    
658
051
    

    
    
    
136
852
    

    
    
    
148
579
    

    
    
    
124
093
    

    
    
    
5
750
117
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018









option activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2016
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2016
    
    
496
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
385
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
881
404
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
799
404
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
239
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(254
404
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
866
000
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
699
000
    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
866
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
699
000
    
    
    
    
    








warrant activity:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2016
    
    
4
915
865
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
2
510
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
510
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
7
425
865
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2017
    
    
7
425
865
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(364
466
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable &#8211; January 31
 2018
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    









    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
061
399
    
    
    
    
    









Schedule of share-based compensation
 shares authorized under stock warrant plans
 by exercise price range.
























































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018









 the
Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    
    




    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6th and 7
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    








the lease as of January 31
 2018 are as follows:



Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
210
809
    

    
    
    
201
599
    

    
    
    
199
757
    

    
    
    
209
846
    

    
    
    
211
864
    

    
    
    
247
174
    

    
    
    
1
281
049
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018









of the following:



    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
188
418
    
    
    
(105
137
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(106
002
    

    
    
    
2
188
418
    
    
    
211
139
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
252
384
    
    
    
5
456
947
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
252
384
    
    
    
5
456
947
    

    
    
    
(3
183
275
    
    
    
(5
371
693
    

Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
69
109
    
    
    
85
254
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(69
109
    
    
    
(85
254
    

    
    
    
(69
109
    
    
    
(85
254
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
    
    
January 31
 2018
    
    
    
January 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 [Member]






000








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


















000


000





000


296





773
939


607
581





240


200



































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











917


000





387







972


623





276


623



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))



























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2018



























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Expenses of Slotting Fees
 Sales Discounts and Allowances are Accounted as Direct Reduction of Revenues (Details) - USD ($)



Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











004
078


498
142



Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances

743


350





543
335


048
792



































Aggregate of: (i) sales discounts given by the entity
 including
 but not limited to
 early payments of accounts due
 (ii) the total deduction from sales during the period arising from goods returned by customers (other than under warranty provisions)
 and (iii) price reductions (allowance
 price protection agreements) given by the entity. Discounts
 returns and allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from sale of goods in the normal course of business
 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


Risk-free interest rate
 minimum






Risk-free interest rate
 maximum













Expected volatility of underlying stock
 minimum






Expected volatility of underlying stock
 maximum










































































The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted (Details) - USD ($)



Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











175


001)












175


001)





811
521


100
316












694







974
648







205
577


100
316



















041
001


659
841























































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS)
 resulting from the assumed exercise stock options
 restrictive stock units (RSUs)
 convertible preferred stock of an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 and other dilutive convertible securities.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent
 and includes adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted
 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








322


585







The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








431
589


707
004





969


306





071
169


326
861



Property plant and equipment
 gross

574
727


100
171





074
852


536
790



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

499
875


563
381







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (Details Narrative) - Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member] - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2011
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017













032

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Oct. 29
 2015
Apr. 29
 2015
Aug. 31
 2016
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017
Jan. 31
 2016




  2016




  2017





















266


266











































  2019






































656


656


656

















































  2020















000


000


000















































  2020

















000


000


000






















Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member]


























081


342













869


869


189





WWS
 Inc [Member]


























000


000




































000


































  2016


































  2019







Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).






















































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.

























































Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.




























Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Oct. 29
 2015
Sep. 03
 2014
Oct. 31
 2017
Jul. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2016
Aug. 31
 2016
Oct. 31
 2017
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


















702
390


702
390


363
145















898
523





























388


668



Debt instrument
 increase

000























  2016










  2017











Repayment of secured debt
 monthly installment basis

















403
082


700
725





















428


526










































 N.A. plus (a) 2.5% on loans and advances made against eligible accounts and (b) 4.0% on loans made against eligible inventory. The term loan bears interest at a rate of the highest prime rate in effect during each month as generally reported by Citibank
 N.A. plus 4.0%. The initial term of the facility is for a period of two years and will automatically renew for an additional one -year period. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee equal to 0.75% of the total $3
200
000 facility and pays an annualized maintenance fee equal to 2.16% of the total facility. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Agreement. The drawdowns are secured by all of the assets of the Company. 























200
000












































































Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC [Member]






























200
000























000





























000






















































































000























697










































000























 in arrears. In the event of default
 the Company shall pay 10% above the stated rates of interest per the Loan and Security Agreement. 

































































Debt instrument
 increase





000




000























  2021













Repayment of secured debt
 monthly installment basis



667


795

































615


615


332



Maximum [Member] | Entrepreneur Growth Capital
 LLC [Member]






























500
000

































































































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















150
000










000










000








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















Jan. 22
 2018
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 10
 2017
Jan. 31
 2017
Oct. 29
 2015
Apr. 29
 2015
Dec. 19
 2014
Aug. 31
 2016
Apr. 30
 2015
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017






















428


526













  2016






  2017



















000








































Sale of stock during period
 value









500

























500










500















000

























000

























000
000

























483

























106










106

























089

























483





















898
523

















000










































Debt instrument
 periodic payment



















403
082


700
725























236





Unamortized debt discount
 net







094












841


094























350
000


279




























Convertible debt
 interest rate percentage




































  2019

























000








































 2018




 2018



















Debt instrument
 description

 2018
 which shall include all interest which would be accrued on the note through January 31
 2018




 2017



















Debt instrument
 periodic payment

000























Manatuck Purchase Agreement [Member] | Manatuck Hill Partners
 LLC [Member]






































000
000











Convertible debt
 interest rate percentage

















































Number of restricted common stock granted
 shares













000




000


000





































































350






600























































































































































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.



















































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs classified as current. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































The difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt recognized currently as a component of income in the period of extinguishment
 net of tax.




























Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.













































































































































































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















198
784





758





051





852





579





093





750
117



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017






























































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jul. 27
 2017
Oct. 29
 2015
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017




466
667









Series A Preferred dividend issued in common shares
 shares





717


894









565


914









500


500



Repurchase of treasury stock
 shares



000











500













290











827











740


700









614
























320




















020
483











020
483











466











454
















Number of stock issued for employees services 
 shares





882











500
















Number of stock issued for employees services 
 shares







307











500
















400















































































































Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments warrant
 aggregate intrinsic value
 exercisable.




































































































































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017









Options Outstanding
 Beginning balance

404


404



Options Exercisable
 Beginning balance

404


404



Options
 Granted

000


000



Options
 Exercised






Options
 Forfeited/Cancelled

404)





Options Outstanding
 Ending balance

000


404



Options Exercisable
 Ending balance

000


404



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled






Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance






Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance


























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































000



Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
 Options Outstanding




Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding






000



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable


















































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning balance | shares

915
865



Warrants Exercisable
 Beginning balance | shares

510
000



Warrants
 Granted | shares

510
000



Warrants
 Exercised | shares




Warrants
 Forfeited/Cancelled | shares




Warrants Outstanding
 Ending balance | shares

425
865



Warrants Exercisable
 Ending balance | shares

061
399



Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance | $ / shares




Warrants Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled | $ / shares




Warrants Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance | $ / shares




Warrants Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance | $ / shares






















































































































































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


Range of Exercise Price
 lower limit






Range of Exercise Price
 upper limit








425
865


915
865










Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Warrants Outstanding








061
399


510
000



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Warrants Exercisable
























































































































































































The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017




934


157





000




























000




























000














500
000




























500
000














000
000





















000
000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member]































000







300







466














769





466





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member]








000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member] | At least $4
000
000 Raised Financing [Member]








000







 2015 through October 2017







000
000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member] | At least $5
000
000 Raised Financing [Member]








000







 2017 through October 2019







000
000





Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC [Member] | Advisory Agreement [Member] | $10
000
000 or More Raised Financing [Member]








000







 2015 through October 1
 2019







000
000





















  2024





















  2019







847







339


681






































































































































































































































































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.

























































Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Term of the lessor's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017




934


157


























000





Agreement Year 5th
 6th and 7th [Member]








000














000














000


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















809





599





757





846





864





174





281
049
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 22
 2017
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017













 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#147;Tax Reform Bill&#148;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018
 the lower tax rate of 21% will be used to calculate the amount of any federal income tax due on taxable income earned during 2019.











188
418


139
















100
000


100
000
















900
000


900
000






















































A brief description of status of the tax examination
 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017


















188
418)


137)







002)





188
418


139


































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017











252
384


456
947





252
384


456
947





183
275)


139



Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance

109


254





109)


254)





109)


254)








































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 22
 2017
Jan. 31
 2018
Jan. 31
 2017




















State income tax
 net of federal benefit



























































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























250




































This element represents equipment expense including depreciation
 repairs
 rentals
 and service contract costs. This item also includes equipment purchases which do not qualify for capitalization in accordance with the entity's accounting policy. This item may also include furniture expenses.




























Term of the lessor's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 0RL$P?(\\#P    !,   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

MFS*V!]C1TN]/GT-#E+[B_1!XQD
=V-KNN3U&'-CD1! B1]1*=2F1-];NY]
M=(KR


65MQ\5#P^T+4.UY+4<M*?$RN
M/_QNPLX;N[?_V/@JV#;PZR[:+U!+ P04      D
K!


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS





/@Q
[T5JEG_OC*^@FE8=#/_CN[LTK#S4BT


J*G
#T!

M=X
M &9BP]&$N9$?P=US#.E CI\C; 7 7M)!,!,I!$$FQ@1/P)V50 ,F5!O8Y\



5OJOMC7KF7#$]F/A)#^.JJ[*A4;&S
M,I^9_A9=:=(U%&_[LBL::K_5?U!+ P04      D
K!
X/0#
$P$   G%




MBOEL5[W$/V/_;??0IJ?B5

MD
OLVUS KWH9RCI+[@P3/
M)'BI6'%_E]2I/I/)E T@6.\/H_7<KP6X_48;\[C#4GB('&C9#M*; --!,N
M<UX%Y64W1G1CN!M+W!PD]JP:K8+Q0'0+KH, /J2_5C1C^5^'/%C63T!#7HB
M6P@RY1QF^LJ);AQWXXD;QZI!!V50Q V705#H


609/QP[7@75:!Y#]E**?DODQI!ON2^Y'@2=]

IPT]@[#(9]H$

NN?0D8Q4X
M5VFGWH

YYDO +G


)
[M7


MSC7)I0\9ILAAZBBYD$/R)GW*Z+02

M^0\(+S]49:9JSE1'^:4Y*F^@U

$TP(LQ8VU



:_2M/WNRW]1S5J


[;FBQD[R;IJZ9H'XM0T



XF\ELK
M@MX*OC.#QGZ;&00:D]D\?GM%T%_!%P=!VP0L'F?UL$0W!R9]@OU.^*%J1;!A

^MV:[KJ]=D5?NK8G::UEF
MS8]75]2W3<SCGQU?\].YZSN2[?J2G=R?KOOK\M;X5G(?Y97KFKSNHH:=]S$

MG0:-[SG[P/G]S]%_'XKWQ;QGK=O5Q3_YH3MO8A-'!W?



KX#X3'!#BL$T!D$68,8XL6\!D/'
MIV1\.L2G\W@;S,$H48.D&HO0,A5R* 6+.2&I4;;A8HD2201D6$!T2B1#XG


MHVV!82(9^@+#2-QJC$0(E5:@F5Q@6K JCIE4R
2)U:X$3T//(82IE':V!Z1
M2&][X87H5X8@?8N+G!1)BQ*(-:5TM;J-R*$&HP4BPQT7[(L2&:T! GS2.3
M2,&$2(3.$\'Z\%I/^38$&UHB!P;W4JG(F7HT5-J?TR66B'9%C2[2A)7+L


MC7;2/'Q=P7#TX2!T*\D48TM(M-ER[+8V=-M)8V:IV!/C(1!6K;QLX4
4\3SQ:YCQ


DCGOV)ZMXHW+'K;[6_;\9CQ=CHZLMT

M:&5E='

:MS6?VL=UHWBU^'XE@_+'=-







!P1 07 -8WVGG




M


/&3$(Q?

:4* 0$*J215([BD%A1(X7J^@2MIB#5

Z5F)#

IM

9))Z/2E&A$' 21[.91M4JLEJ%JV5@

 QT)..%Q&

%9A3*_8#[


M3/@03D!8Q@#?*:&*YC0QPT:T73D\N$&56.1*+9B
;F]ZI:*=+Z.L+[JW6'A?


_1-H]]*<)^:$
MKX.)$HM$J063S3-C_6C_R G_)\#-YS<8

MC0AH8ON?L+:^\#P%=W@2BH2*4JT&3+@O4HAT;=P^&4K+0_Y80_Y6AV6OA3
&UL?9C;;N,V
M$(9?Q?!]5IH9DJ(QT#LHFB!%@BVV/9:L1G;6


[^O^\U4U5=/ZU




M0
 9Z= 5!U7
E:#\U)4


G
Q(Y(T&%QSOD[$

MP$@5



ZZ^IJN&QY

K!


M;'U386^;
!#]*Y9_0)TXI*LB0&I:59NT25&G;9\=.


MT2OWC
-GF/K94S(U_Q4NH'QZ4.)K%*AL_)*BMP[UQ.*E:/$VGK*-YS#Q7V'K

K!



 S]


\P53/
M-253\5_A A+#@Q+




M^




)IHW3

RY5%9^W\R\;^-UH[\*DD5WZ$.O_!%D-



O&IE7$Y;

=19$E4!:
;[9')@6TM B2[Z++3+LO9(&
M+I:X7FMA?YY!X9#3+7US/

'Q
GG5-&
E80<

MC8;';OI!;/[&Q2]02P

P5=M#ZFPJ-%LZ;IF:V,R#*-**\22Y9EK(EN9I])U
GF+OE&SA9(CM



3


V:(!








M
:=[^N9XDDWK@X

M;G4FH9*+

;^\=8.]9R

A?_!:Z@

M02E:O$Z[[.(^3C?)889M _@
X O@+N9A4Z*H_%%X4636C

MRN,K8AW*-ZA]UKL;Y.,70/1''.:8O@Z9HE@R+ZDX%LI3OP?.-^&)YL*DPA/
M_E8;A.DFP1I)$C_6^)6S.&O)&S54PVVB=/D2&F&+D[RRKL

M5V$;V3ER
1Y?-O:_-L8#2MG=X BU^


M:&5E=#$U+GAM;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4!*2-5%D6VHZ39NT25&GK9^)?;91@?

MNS1I'\8;SB?8.H!/ #X#CBD/&Q

M%\2[X+T5V\-]QFZ1:(HYCS%\&3-'L

Z


$


I

-?7
\B:9U





K8AW/GGK

M@5T4V'U:X@IF_[Y(MNBI M/$:;*DQ%['25YXYX&]BX_(_L/':?_!32.T)6=T
M_F5C_VM$!SZ5Y

$%
M  @ )#*P3$WYPGJS 0  T@



MTUT0! I*%QB$WZYP#TH%(B_CY\Q)EY0!N#Z_L3_$VGTM%V'A'M6SK%R;TP
E




9L

=19$E4!:
M

M_EMWML%B

'Q

6((4+5['79JT#^
-?S?!U@%\



$%     @ )#*P3
3.



LXJ44U^[F/NJ/\BKE
M6[_XNE_':9^1J


/
: ('-$$&:&

D#AE@ $Y0$=



K!











('

2M]UY+NMOGY!J$9LQIPM 5



40T+APO/5G
XW99#C=SS^(+-^X_ =02P
$%     @ )#*P3$GAN&.V
M 0  T@

^B5KWQ7TGI(:&C$J_VRFS[#4\X&2




4E%)7KD''+[#5,\U)5/Q
M/^$RL-#)CY&@<K&E12]=:@G%9^*%B_C+MNX#^--LI]HZP0^$?A
V

M

1L-A-_T@-G_C_#]02P


M62\LFQ4@95-5K=1*JU1-G[TP7!0;4]LLZ=_7-H12XKQ@S_C
.3/&
^DHY(MJ
M '3PREFG
M1HW9\P5D4#G*H[T4-G3BHA.=7&E#56O01:NB#.
<,3(P9VJ$WQU-;-]HZ<)[VM(8?H'_V%VDLO+4


@I[OOJ?W%NQ
Q=U-8I[L*=V:25\9[RTD4I_AFB6;

M%6:W(+!A7R2(3^)

M*BC$T+G&7WF7_GX@[@G_@T_#X3N5==NIXJT:03W7LA-)A4PCMSJXV91XO!
MH-)VFYB]G+IR
K3HYX&#EZF7_P502P
$%     @ )#*P3(C6LHS% 0  -P0
FV$8\TGI5]
!6/0F

MM7#B5=(';O?O[!]#[:Z6*S/PK

:FC8*.R+FC[!4D^&T5+\%[B!


-_BW8FZNZF\

\-^BJK'L^H<F-


MGT17)88P7Q09!T7B  &]$@EAOJ@D8HD 8+=E4@($U^)D%5W%UGPN-CET
M?B97WF7T[JCOKG_P:6Z?F*K;3J.S-+9'?2=54AJPJ40WMN#&/A6+P:$R;GMK
M]VH:F


_.A =E)*\:+HF1:2$.;*L6.KJGL)2AI
MX.B(OV@MW+\#*#O5=$-? T_R/(088$TUBC/\A/!K/#KTV,+220W&2VN(@[ZF
MGS;[PS;B$^WA

R-_\=KJ 0'I5@




M3R[P \3/_L#DRIM83G4+':]IYS X[]S'8+M/%5X#GFL8^&SNJ$R.E+ZHQ=?3

M'

:'=#D$

#@XSA]43]4\$6RR+

Z


MVXZ;
!1%?P7Q 6.PN20109ID5+52*T53M7UVPB&@

MYC]L;@

2]FTGX[

PDB1TDFP5)O(A8;Q-EYN\ED4$)YBX<1(G3N+ V2YPDM4&;'T
MVLZC0Q8D:QPT.PGF9OI&Q;5NI7?F2A\J^^N7GO0D<&3+J[2E^$T8% JTTUU



B-DV!V.

..'=*UL?;








M
K!


2YX;6Q]

MR\SL[

MLJ26H2@($M32IO.+W

S
#NI:LM?1O7IK/K
M,.G?:6Y-!&BF1 F_R7@B8#?<06/SJSI7Z@BA:YX(,GQC^KI^9.A%NLFUF9
MH.V=_::KE3IZ*Z)-E*.;$9HP^Q$3+3#AC$!:?4X1N5+LHP?Z*D'YB,1.P-V
M%H$M'R\-QJE;@#@%B!4@?W4!K[HP8A*+Z49
%@0D2+-5-8_ 
.;+3_JEV
M6HH=ELC*THB)%YE($J1DY;QTP,@&QX';3N*TDSCLQL[R6.'TIA@C%? \A$8
M9@')TLVZ0VAQC5L0%_OBI5?Q:Z?
A5E$YZ'R')EGL(KO]; 99\.[S#BIOE)Q

/S2.X^ -0
M2P
$%     @ )#*P3




(.,(CQ&@2L?6?W0Q=Y+ 
(FC \








LL X)=@A H0Y1FAZ
M\!=(!8A4^$@$.4B^QCNIFY(+C!+$* $

H713?U344C.2@@ 8
MXM84Y-'@,D^RQ+E?*\#;59XK)0X#/+'+@_WL$(+2-,]=(%]Y^^)@LP^8@)@

M'!M*


#H9U LXJT /G







M971S+W-H965T

9OQ7@!1Q %VUB3U679DBUISK*SS[2E



MBM][UO!A%\+P





FCNS&:-/M1$R\T\;^*

M( $$@
0/E'B!$@\0=(!&3;I8B


MR5+WS[#6P11ALGGG@\Z\0)D'*'6 
L\'O=EDQ-&5:QU

4*9NT/1XM PA_@W
M*JYU)X
C5_K\L:?$A7/%M=XTODJ?6_,@X9=E.D2W1?CZ3D.%.^GBR&:;Z?B
M#U!+ P04      D
K!

O


MAM/?;:6:'-VCH(*:'*EZYL



M
K!


MF.^.VC@4Q5\ER@
TL1/;801(6SK 2EUIU*K=SQDP0]0D9I/
T+[].HE+Q\XQ



L#$SO/\LW


P$ 9SJN$,-P
M(QPVPF_7;@48YAD* 1L1((' 3*8( 
)


M6J%Q_W'UW
=M#



46PT%
M!B$\!D&Q05!@$%.I !*NBT3OWJKZ=_M_\N:EJ-O@677Z!6UXC3HHU4F=
/Z@





I()RX
M^-]_2(%3!%YHX^N7IT#X*HJ\6705
V
MB&110+-2YK*!0(A@442Q*!9J7 #02D2@B1130HA2K/$1E* /J5-YMQ8T

T@$%+#2^6

;WY!O!%!(&0^94CK
VCR=Y:#-Q8T3E
R





M-PJ8]@GI*O\8=T?R@=W@-^CK#HFSERG9RD?';!EZ[&B3
$'%KC&)@=KO





X
M:722QIY;?[IZ*0U8RN3.MCW8ZV


M/7=??R@42[LNS8]@FW?UKJ35@^3IH2A_5!MCZLG//-M5LV!3U_O+


ZGQ5N=;7?F




M31S9
#Q V !Q#-!L- !L !P#N!P-D#9 GNN@;( ZUR&R ='O@/%.QS8@_AV@
M1@.T#=#G.B0V(#DW@+./F6/G=IL?)YN?'?(QW5PX(6%?6%VEWJ1U.I^6Q6%2


\&\&S RP:D4S
+


2


M'%NEP^=T9$FJ,,1[( SA ]6-$1ZTD=
B/8PQ'X@ .?6^[31XU4*T$?CN '

/%+'
!


MN9
\!)L 89,BSD5 8 (03BG

MA!RAF$_9SX@.?-GC'V7#S GJ $(=%;D9]:)VEWW.(!'0 00Z*G9[%7G'/WY!
M'?.!0!-@YS*OPF+_QRS1WO'Z$=%!$GGC')Z\3VK?SWY)R]?MKIH\%W5=Y-W[










M]'48F]:-_;3AF,:GA-=&4$&;_38C'A/B2D#CS@S)G]1/5MRDZ#TY_%L=


G

)



$%     @ )#*P3

MXWHXY/VRH[?
SO#.CF=KG[XLF$AGR4N?:



$NJ2B

'BGH7ZK83)4






M8.
K8@)'B




M#
^<_!TSZ@-L!Y_&I@4(N]9TLYO%F#U]/.Y_:
MC(!#I:T$
\L-7H!SJV3R^#.)^C/3!B[W'^J?7?&FF-3\+X[^:DZYV?^=X)

#*
27+E?K[HJ+=I)Q:32LO=Q;3JW#N--



M
C.'T

F;L7.+:7LMIXGBI(V1#RQ
MCK;JSH7QAD@UY5=/=)R2LS%J:@_[?NPUI&K=/#-K1YYG[;KJJ5'[HA;TQ#^







$%     @ )#*P3+.!&VT\ @  P@8  !D


M'6Y )%PID1PE)5S_6^65]J,5:24!G\,:]WJM1_KW]/,6A
0%
C]-\


M(@RHH

^E3=COO47O^Q7


MV]
JS
)@KP_YI;1?S?5G/26DPF#*_E?]KLM.WD?2^=B9LAW^#W:7UIIJLM*%

FCJ02/Y8B&D$XHO$[%D*L7A2!B.

I$Z
2)-A

MD5A0[PLFD0
2D]CU@T14#X1)Y(#$Q&VT@(C.!^/* :Z)TPMM)]%M]\'N/&0


M5KWZ2_^D5G?K3_Q2!;!2NYC$L
I'8)4^K'?JCUF5@%6__DA$;& 2 RT!T'[]
YC1S;RTLUQF.NVP<Y<:MN/!6_NSK/C%]X/

^*D+\Z3S_7Q1ZH/M

0<


MEF-50R





5%GWB^#_B)9.RPZ;]RV^3]02P
$%     @ )#*P
'6#K(LQ%7SIH.##-2U;9G\MP<NAEV(P_O6W.IM5U 9=&S







M*G
4I4L1CO*(^D&Q%Q1[01:@7PBG- GH,0+2GP@O (]BCE6?)D[U
O*/6!
MR KD$]$\3OV@S O*?*#U4?*(








MJ)(Q[;W6O%%KO]2Z72&D]B6KJ7H0+6O
G:.0-=6F*T](M9+1@S/5' 48)ZBF

M2M-#8\JAJEFC*M%XDAW7_B-9;0BV!J?X6;%.7;4]6\I.B!?;^7)8^]@2


M_2RZSVPH*/:]H?JO[
*XD5L2
OO)&2P
MP89@


&X*PX4U @O$



M]






[(I_X

MAC(^KL
XO$X\MZ=&F0E0E0






M2?L


EOJ!*%*5
M@H^!F#[60

4&S9C-IX)T&OE742P7Z

)3HLD
M\P
E7J#$ X0=H$F#_PFTU#T$PEX@[ %*'2\6.@=TA\9@YYO13.(Y1X0=*
MO4I!RAS@-+%.FD11X5#LU3E&.+$#Y-Y83(/3.[ 9

MUMGD_X?CD3W *;PXQ1('1@[.4H/=__BA9


MC97;CILP%$5_!?D#QN&6FPA2DZAJI5:*INKTV0F'@

MP39K;_8Y!B=I&7\7!8#T/BI:BQTJI&RV&(M+ 141+ZR!6MW)&:^(5%-^Q:+A



MH37R


M(6G@3!H8?3C2^^O0;1 Z#4)C$$U*M4+NYTR\65FENIBU5:R+V;C#1LZPD2-L
M: 5Q

M9.4


$%     @ )#*P3$ZU-I_4
?SNP?.AL3&T3KF]?VQ*$O_!WF5V9FQVR28A
A-00
2FT9J%DN
M\ R

4 5U'1D^DU
7V$Y
M3QJ@Y?#?X0+



V;G


M#







M#C#/DVW;DO.'![A/M]M\_B4*;^^3(BW#Z]VVW
+-@QFJGWTJD@5M[.EAEJ]J
M./O^_:M6%)*3%$QZ S_7H/#F/P]]37C0^.UEOB[S5;8 VW5\D*KDX*&P*:






M\U9&HV@TTH4=6

P!C6=






MH&@^1*P'K)LE)8C]C&:KW;9^?W]+L[M[O 3)5SB#N]0;8.]-EL'K/[?
M.?*






^AX


B<?VA=NPBJ&^3;^T^/YY

V










:Z&'9(L.S1^+M'+W.^#X%&!6HL-EY4?A8

M*N $


M*D5K&


B NE

M2V(=UHND6)3AJQU (2U+W
0
]LAB110XM]R9JE3T%^DN00TN=^0EIC)PK0*:


MTHJ+''!-T*6/80HH9Y*EM*S%ZMSN'AX$!6^S.[Z&&1@ 7D#-+@D?USPRN'
M1


5C'A5I$KL

(.6!P!!XR&VAD*Y $%PG6W
!


WI^#9$?R9$J1LD,PGRERABY(]TV? L
M%_ENMEWN+'Y$L$J.1 +Z
$.V6H(Z

O'0DE/2L=BI_:4#RMT7D@7-
M2EL JA;?H'3(T-]VBSM\ 1C.EO0S4)](3RDH5@^DH:=PDY=E1CXRA#GAL\QE





D

MQW
VP(MJE?+MT*\BN'%#%/^#'% G L7U*@/5!






%LZ
S'+



?H&)) <CTV4F/[4=.#+WW[_IE@=6P

$
MY?$[].*B#1*UL0)M]



 Q1J)*4J-.$H!


MDZ(@ X%/A*L2(Z$!9XLT[;!T+?)EX&CXHG
:5;
P^G6$9V$9$.Q3I4NH!!
M[=$-


1

M=75
DNVLU14TJ21LA86.-49*W+YWP*+\/3F**

M



IE%_V TP(LJ
/(Z&
(XI@/:Z6F=(
(LOF(X3&EIB](^


[&M
M2ZQ5

C6RS5I=D0.!HT

MY4]IQ4!:
$U&ZP426=1(RXH-/5 ;NFOR*IUP_/!.PJ(U0%J\;&A\(CF*7]:W
B0)50B@_D]
MT%B7 ?)M!!.]C.M OCP#-5??-98@$@.BD(TZP/KS7;ERD-N_@*PY9QP%*45

0%CH#43:'H*@


-AA*1RR@W*%;


X
MZ^-04C*'_Z_18Y\ CIT%$HGZ*&G%YYI6; 7)U@1C'@L(4DZB (P6+E@ALW(#


M#&#D$UYZLBIS'M2F &JT-$+09M%S?K=BN1)6M=O8ERF%PN ;NDDW6QNXXQPT

M*D





M$60&7\ITCH9N3&MEJ:SWL_X7I*@:

M8S$(S_UXQ//[B\3


M2QHC%CJM%C_)W3'2

,R$71_ P)8+C+]2)P!
MH+A9*WK#9@/=;+A*'IMS6=V@:*-F,X&P$N&6*C#9];=?/2?&Y19/6GHM+&
MPDYAR

M^8:=^HV


RW
M9S]3$JC)O$$
$@

@19R4%EZ#Q2(
=U7OO




[AIGT6^SC&QA2W9;[5

M?@:!L4-OG
K[,ZI
MS/(NFR/E0U,H+V[4'9T=.\F-(6FH@(- =T'FI$NWU % VE2,#W1<#N@A+VT9
M?DBW9][L !KLAG ,8'K/!(P[S\OP0X)5F<YOYT %PK=N#U7Q<%;A2X
]'PM

+



H]%1]
_5-='(]S

M!L?UX

Z1Y@4#]J#+\UU&UX

M'!MM&ZXGB?.Z39[5F41B^X.6:8QW$/\P)H_&*@/'(7,O0F*5!?!03RUG5.P
MURKUAW-3*BLC


0\N
5N;X@GX#9V2U&1TD*;H% P@7NYKI) .;
MH/O94_C^NJ7Z1).=(7A_3=&$BU3#&&1@C0N@51Z7Y[I_)E@7[27NO:#/X;]1



%52-W+')-G1
MRHB4G;'E[2+Y7GE&NFD;X@4^XKG!'HU5DK=V?J!

N

]#6

MP/1&P/3VC([5DZTYHD]0&OCB7THPX=*[0;)W



4:_TL5
MJ+@J




BRR!82]D+ =)'J8E7FE$2&VPKLMH3J+VAK-OI9JRQ[


MD9JU9=[_'*1/!J+I9,3.L=\ %+03_H.52O,QKP4-JK7DF*M-*TOC_7C\D6

8:C/H=)T1F#A4/S+E3GGWIKT+R6!E@URN
2+_
MR.WCPGD]Z*E!N[!;#DA)2958N_1;!)X_IB+=&;N3++;YEC[;Y3K]-'_LPC



ME'2
47E2EX605$4?[OW(LED+X #ZBD-3C!E825+
WGN

AY.HE$\9.UT-
1B


*Y\&D2A_4KK[=@(6-/WBS-IM'R[%Q-$
M':P?W,@GRJM/*V*;5-+! ?REMVW-8 D08XK#A#WZ/1[ =<64O-\?QH![R9G
MEMM ^[#(T'+6%F')?V.
U0'!FYU#274NM!5.)U@EC([&K
[DK:45]QUYB79/

M^MSK2(MR+3Z.G




M\ UW1)
Y)7
%TDU\@83+EU6()%_V [GIG(W&1V]F






]40(2(
3)V\SPMH@7=OZD=0%W^*I
M42
VV$V-I([C@$V;@3$C.'REK.[HF&B#T\NS4(L5(AFPY @3E\+2-C-OH-.!





M2 HVC@8]9Z&C(VE8]2M=*!
KN[[3_FB DCB1J!\DMQ.8MCN*H_YT^HS%-GQE
MCMHC1/KC_V;Z-9HX]&O8=;8.?PX
!4
HU
#21
.B=B*&#BS3+:E:K[A&Q?I1
MMV===O;/*GTX5JP5M K


S&0E Z/)[_/ ?]G)C-#$W?L**.L^):S5JT]6'0

M5K;0;U K]$N%&6N@H.J%? *:#_-DJLZ8XC 15?$$G9&\0ES5DZT1RILCMWZ

?\*5FY(8BEXVRD2]NMQX5@^:\[

:FW]3'3W+$V7




P!\I.U* /:I?H






4 L#YIK7]


;5QY$*VSK/7E3<%BOV

MY








'N]/Z
:9+,L*1/8R75*=J$;1C)5'KAT



S \2QQM0





MVRRIP7I7C;MJ_Z:MZ 2BJ'R4!+X494+

M6#]Y$FM5).L$?E(Z)BIF2ZOVG@P


M@V- 2VX?=ZE[HH] B6!!PW%_VQ1$W@I7)%)&C69-







 )/#9C

M==*&)4X)#+=A(L8(#^)H/)K:?-@MZ*Q;DQE'=A8N9R\TRJ(0[AHM]-1#WL^H
M
U:3
/


M
G-T-#X5


MDJ@GBKTY:F




_M /;#



!(6&<*+'H+#+@%P&9IU

MM765-D*2 $%KVFVSE5








T:X
MYMZ=


O)9WM+#V)YLK6&Y.IT



MN7

MQ%)/'1GC+-#H'5--DMWO[




FW4].G(].G
\0H@T6 (
33];0\HD\-
JTX%4U-EJ;S$QJY@5*

OGVU!
6]6UG/;(7G[V DYV
MP/\28Y85I
PYJ@E!EW8Z[$P'A ?T7Q\%ML4N/=]M#AF[QIUN/P2.T.W+60-2

MDX


Y;





MM 6@ZL@/7.W@;[O%'=OPWI)]UD13FA#])]1CRXS+DM9E[E\9^SI4U&?@1J
MR%8$%ZIV1B_

'3TTH
#:9GQ@')NV8O%IRV

M5Y=B2^(T%3?:9B8=W0*

MFE!IC?:6F3_-5^3R\O
=[S XM'@RIQQQR+3FZ FE3]P&=%F!:-G5J*H*!/

Z&!:G)'BE3\.Q/D89RRU:^YGA5N1?A

T.P.H_U7

MFMI'4]DAC\N_5BZOKW_7
$%M&/N/POFN
*T4M1DU=R]V&*)'NRA7+Q2V4^N!
M6#E_*\
9*Z



T\-E]HW;8_;E
M

M_

MZ#U8. ^R4LD2^:XUW:X3M'[Q?4GA[
DXB?L3TYCQ)![VH]YT=*CYAEM_XB_P

M/J

MZZ* IS21[%M*L3


M)V$/;S!(7^
)9I%

I
MMD0.;(V/$VR%
AQ@K_HAC]P=3*+QM-?0.HI3V.B[O0]#_4OOL8F=XBMK:@^9
FLB=;B&%'EJ
M'#YTAV]F(G65H






FX9LL!+ZGQ=L*127


M:ZQ3X[*S?#-FUMZHTJWRT D1L4
/L0
.!R),)])J@J9XB&QS1LX]=4P+09

MN-$$U=ZHB_=G

45@S7T9F#'/
1$B6.@X_& NI&9:5PM'H9D=+(!Q:6-\/6:FZ C-)7K
MMKA<I,QBYK80Q*LUR4S/-5D5^ZT3;SXS)BZS(B!:PDW?1_
J/*

0.Q&.3



MGI_1[:5PLXC.L@

C#F2MFB40V1


?*TF@&WV8*BV49P6
MIM%#)'RWW;NI!PHJQ'#+J_ ;$L%YE^)




8;QE3(3UBNU%Z#P;%NF)8+M@0*^[K(AEO6*&)RH]A
MU5H'PW^FYBH.A?


M2L2HC(6@32$Y(QMEZT/;IPM]X 3V0E9(T;

MUVH



M9Z;F# S(_47:1Y/]P(A3

MAF]9







;[$X@N*X'KS9BP5Q8!U_KW*


M&26-!2\/%T)R=7(M9%0V5 BJE4AA@8\\15QVGK08R6



M/
,-
M)6QP7H%);O3X/DZ7!@C4()O4J#D1S=30]C4<9?MCPR2WS^#Q#UK/S&28V/]
MZ/I:*N4?








MXZ

][U\)A%3\+):&1 



AVUIW^:4FNAQM:?^8/R4KD$;?2Q=A
3%A7-8-.HX(

ML_454M=H5ZSS%V\VJAOG



MZG*-6'A_MZT]*Z;#;KZV[&:?0!N6MC@YFJ

M:V^J'*XCA?\W;'.9M$W6:Y[LO52@_X&1Q\TC'QG

M.T$C=:0[(E*DQE@T4.1W ];AT)'VJ]L2C!&IFEA]GX(TZC_VAK4?VT=FO*\/
M


M






MBCT/=W?FZ$;[=/3:0PQ;L2TS

FT)V95*ISHVV1N;K=5W^Z'?&=6&.(!K+PJ?'+07TF<NK
MZ_TKLYG]ILL<E1_9/\/U^NA9)DU(^:=F=WTNOOG^O28'SN7O1Y[;D6W63 [
M0(GJU\C)

M(C%R;=G<8-&T5=H<


MH-LG6C-HI&]JE&VC(XU42F/^YDT1BDS#G.9'3ONY.HX9%R$EY-1B]JJ#1:;@

IYS.BXVK+?4A6.=[@K



T+S1Z9G



]-XR


M-%IXQKA1

M\'X


T4Z.5L7]DD'E7L(NSHICQNM:!],
M*QGBZ+K++7M\-A)N/^6I
;2TWI=+MW!*^RG'BWA\N]*V


M)5;N5AVLE=!((NQEK'8O8@_\ED4G/YJA?1#^5*J)H1'*-OW4YHT-K%BI$](W

M[


M'QO$Q8 ?&*89.8Z X(\PJG_$&3UCAN=0E*/86 .1V2N0&@94W02SKOU
J_H-






)?J.\';O


* : SS^7U6@4^WE'Z[
M#4^HK#^%[7U

MB)$F(O0'DB=0&9W;EZ0+[R
88;O?M7*6



M97


MLJ2??C;F(6%-LF3=5/(BG._LW_UM#G3XN5I3_)ABK

 ROD0!]
97T/ESZ*5K
M?CO1-MQ)



_%KRMT2&T#IT=
0R6B ;P#E$22F)6Q8@1NK;N




C5U@2A_-2^5[O






M8I
&U88




MCVDA[U3LO=[V[N;\


M*1@!R%

@_%[C 7P
B3BWXK(;;_F'G%+22Z5.)5[BZ3)%(26V06
M7?VT=&VC??C ;G6J9G:Z$9-'26Z/KC-Q8XS\P*4FC
8^:EL;O=.F#Q*8GM,
M;.TZS1[4+Y;7[Z_L^SH6MO4EO$CI
3L49+K(\6Y'WV.?E_7N4$A&&:
DE@9
MJ-?*
XB)R:

MU

+)LQ0DA+
CB(F9AA.;!@_B
 7@F&OX(3
5?@(Q
M

M
?4(8O7@F )BH@MEQ!)Z:[YQJZ

0L)8@N]O40Q=#S$QPDBV$3C)OX;J PPDBV$8:8'%&)B%A+$
M%MJ=[^,;W:G?)Z&K&%K2LQDMA.YC;\=T.4Z9_^@A'NL0L).G?TX#%H/^U
M)\3$+2I+;0_Q]C20DS



M4T)
!
MLLK+]XN^;6_2L7N;9KW#ES+Y&MN/?*Y^ U!+ P04      D
K!
+9Y.-_D!
_&CZPQ

MUWJ?@BZ7JS!







MU!+ P04      D
K!








MP    !





              ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      D
K!
9BD;YJT   '@  &               @ 'W


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      D
M
K!







M;6Q02P$% ,4      D
K!
#\18Q+0!  #2 P  &0              @ 'L

4




  !D              ( !A#   'AL


K!
HG0^Q[4!
M  #2 P  &0              @ %O



K!
Q





M
C

M
K!
B-:RC



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 0RL$S(B65=  (  'X%   9                7E-

K!
JFOBLQP  .!0  &0
M    @ $

Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (



RYX;6Q02P$
M% ,4      D
K!






M  @ )#*P3.FE:KG

M:&5E='

K!



M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      D
K!
RB+ H5T#  !
#@  &0

4

(&




4      D,K!,9ZU



M;6Q02P$% ,4      D
K!
3K4VG]0!  !B!   &0              @ ']

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 0RL$SO-\0??@(  ) .   -              
M 0






./

Y;^%4]Z
5AJU'O/K8_
M?D*]D
9GMXXSU2^

M\C 5;^&A



@DQ



-?_[FQ3]^??@5//;QQ(E^Y$FY
M$.D523^3I'^M2#K#0D72!TG2BG9_%TXLQJ'O?IQ


!)TN&/
MKVDT'*.W46Q#J



MD.0$
L8H




M



D\X6

W!K$.(.D#1)C[V418V__
MB''6*_V[@SF#%Q)YU'XH-FA+'B[#R30
X#_CO^:V_/+]SY[AB78@^\=,E_)
M[2QM/?6V8#T=(&[S%D=O\38-XBQ?]:L59G;*G-;GO?[S^']OG%O=RLZ]46'


MLV\B3J)TB.@-;C^%+FQX6- ?J/@@JCQAF?YV52_:JA?M817HZ0;XV
2Y)QO@


?/9 I%1U.7M3EW-8PJ0B
K*ARA&W




M-/)B$7\

3+H-@GU%W1EJN0Q;)T
QIY



=VSO4I]^=G]_$*(PF


M[PXH:1ZW^.[G=(*QTK# A5P![,P%JUJ?/2#
*)%SSUV:?Q
OO=HH75[SDL
ME$#H5Q$-@5:=6_'$P4WAG^6/#?




MN'JA#%_;ZL]VJ=:]OTU 






*LCD%4C:2NUD@'U

(
MP/OL3










[7T8RB0-+'&)1+:ZL



I/
!(V%4044]F_'PZQ4ZJ5\)V
M


G!

M=23T@M[^ _0DWCU^H.X$WXX)5U,D'C'(^*^!$ ,=SPDD^8=*E%AB)(V_IK

M5SG12#2(-XRLBR%;


3\-/V2_4$U6
&K+_ ZK@Z.[YUWAW_@X8ZX
M#L'@R).RGCBE(Y$]?P34HV;




M8+Y'\KC!+MM.Y

3Q\V TAK@
MY%CM].9J?[516'8Y6U_GE=1HD,ZB'0*#/ ]V*3V!;E&N.PO7?][JD9N:!8P
D8N9PRT=I(


(;<M2[.
M?)9(3X]G!0S/4*\/_
I)S!RD?.C99^%WY@MBA[-9?F PL+_14_Q0D7]&_G_$
ME)BZ@F=0W


)'

L0
=['B'=G=X3VH9V1OODR:C-!
9-D!Z




0O!G9:


M/@699!F!*VB%:90=YY%0\;PB^N;%/UB^_!'(2'



P!0%WAP1 \

M=@*&'7KG4^8!%0P#3(TPP8]O#D![1*WXD7ID)&U-4TTC;EJ1FAFPX3.JI8

2$& 
'KS
R/\SXLI=09RA'6M#'BR@S1OG@^G%=9
METX\KO03

2-\#PQ3%$Q!NFKE+4SF&6)5&8)@KC23S).-(
M#Z@F2

Z[40)#QG4Z
MQ0B.I2I580
U)EE09'?@?A% ^ZI0(O
OZ934N61N/

.%WYO'#%ETN

L&%5<=AY28%[8?99CRJ$,3!A(*A90

MG?XWYVOD
WW;;DS[0M#8W1H:_:VUK95




5C






E
M=





R_6_3E;L.72B




M@I$N




MYM*XJJZNJJO77!:
=J]83#+!CT=BA
M7?8+-?H$FHDPO%:[:)/6.;RQ3EQ@N+)C+C=[3;M?K


A'




MPCN1);&Q 4?6II+:6XO8F


(Y.B2Z^)9^KQN-7IVHR5+?=M]
M^(]:[2B=FF=@F%J^\BUQ\EZ?'!XTV_
U
M72P!?^]GKX(^[_S]HOK *&I







+P
UIB6F*]^UYVOR-G /7



M

M)



^ZP3GQ2
MW[



?I


M
71HNY$W%*SM-R&HL+__9MKC95DOS'(Y7

P5);
MLUVS._U617
[%W7K\4G_+FNQ2F[WB*/$=;O?;=F=UK(-_0\OEK

M
[%_XJ^R/0_%IZ9ZYSA.)]1K*


Q]@&

;&N?4WQT_E\ 4]_)HWIF=J

O +7M=E+L=4EJ)W'FTBV5=HEB]B5'-%





M:M45!-A+$P[(X69=64M5%J!9![0D3'!TEM['8B%Q[_F^9A^?;4]I!^@Q9K!K

MO6U

MVMB@4X].I(Z


VD%+Q;#2$2
@X7'WA0_E%DG ))[BLH.?,0I6/A?8 M*QF'!(7D 'A0

MQOFLV+F.I0;Y*Z

^U.PF
MK5(;9(DQL\FB'1!Y.;*1/WR+3Q8)0#N

2



MB^W9653H]_20;;;#XJ=!8XAF8+M6L

M07
RGH:QX]LZ/DGR=QI&B9PS0)8/IG^27!R8S$6.

L$02'U4O:!



&N)FSTWF]'C9''5

T#]:-3!M1A$=')
%[
J09Y&YZS6L#4P1@2&Y/+O


M

&



6*@](8=Z

MADAPD(6N)RFPPA,NXCI//DH%NCT!F.

5%++N8=IW?EB0O=



Y\=@:888#XW/R-7LQZ[MK'S*YUG
M&3Y6::-'1ZCQK\5V3^]9=H^A$?M/V3P:B





MJM3TF$UZQ.^9N_5BGH.!JTLRI?

.87.


*]A 70&9JT-3^]F6#!YH*SEV?
'E5:I6BLSRK
PT9\X:8Q5C@%'5
M*#NQR5V/%O..+*QG*+*IMYPJ@T7IHOEO=[9V%EYYL#C9D#+M465['!
QX5





-V2/J_G?VZV^W;4NN4AO

$QSF!:.2U$AD0D1_R4)

MZ
E222-I9F%(5%
W;I/ D#%MPR@



APVP@OH&8QMZ KNR

MQX2ADR4 O/0A$Q-XAX$/













]/F?^:J7=0N8Z



*7L
X3)C51J
M


MBS %B_IYP;)!3K#
7%TI2*4O.'%9R:]N]1B[9%/^L?+&.?
^@V*15RN??;*T


MR/1\)=



L9M

M!A)1Z2;+FEGGZW/B0?6[WI?T-C=&AK]C8\?4(M)SNLTWI1&SR=G)ZAB&8$
M_Y(H42S_9FEJFGFS!


MO[UM=CIVLW8(HRS7


?O

/#5TX$
M5J9


7OB/
MM%CL41R#LQL3V7\;%GG=;O; -F_0KZ];+0R5M6UCD)C_4)BG6R;C-INM^YBU

O
8?7LLZL;(M8N/9).
D [U)\
Y(H %Z#.

MN4I*+@.G+A%\;U63MJ4F#D8NY\QIL_+B.77

M7+P\Q 7PV'(MC..L]3G?ISB2^IF+)*LRDW)1TIAQO/=8Q!SAW2JNQ* J9125





VK



H&#1/D5$]/#


4]WO-WIE[B
M^/-)I*O?+G


DL]$BP7TPH

M!?TOS[(% J)V:#*!FMEKTD+#3C[P!G8R5R/=G]*HTJ3KM=]DS7H3*[/XK@!*

\ XCP@QNWEN;.AXF


M0@E\Q 3.Z7C08?@$

UX_K%0V1,]1ZDLV
M%Q2^')R'(XUX^*<KPX$8*QZ$/\U1EG91P Q;P(^QF-?A(:-<0J$F4#^H,%NN
M'WNN;=D6<_ESG?1VW4COZ4M Z:-BM9*/88Q0JO-O/:Z(WGA1I+
5YH%&Z.6

-AEN4O89
M.ZU1VJMN=!B&%Q1X-(E&9MM!*'8R PL%




M





M6(

0M&60

$_R#0@0EZ#



6A
M2Q6Z/D%NZZP[:]Q
!@H4UR_*[9BLJ4J-Y6$+D@(FSQ'GD+-J $K29TOOJ:V






MCP7G&3)SRIH
MR6N

MBM1*&7TQJV-N\#(-ST:)KVA &
KBEZUH^J!HS'T;:0KK@QAY0^^(FZWBRA[^
V6;$W^]*TY_#P\<6%]C<1(


MHC-$M0:4_OL@8L-DUUVT%#F;AH-Y06,$-$6, *=5FS5KXM%?KI1


2A63J@Q69\+G$(KKS
ML&E8A!^/^#;2ZT:[?40W@$H=PV*^Z?:;=K/VE*![SC&TCNHBEK8OO^-MIA10


M ' HNA6GDPE*W
3DD<W9SB222

K1M:]^BFCH@9[[BGIN:\=?
MD%1\#N^6I8SG4-ZU]X-#
] ]&KEIITERDTSZ6-$^LUV=;
#/Y]-GVNK4GW&
MFYW5JD_[';M5VT3MZ8;?++&WY];SKH;1^OE&T+DF3ENY7'%6M
\-%EZ9J=8N

['DIY%D[;W7VA3Q7

M=RU\]X.;O3OH?+7S%\R0% Q_S(]FOK+.'L5\V^-^4L'1-;(_'O4H?K0:XFW
MV$AR(ZMH^-N[J3^V#$MO5_+\Q9QA9T=G:CLK9WA
VR:IQAXN\A3\;E'
/;\
QS
MSPY]



M2;/3PO'2RVR@Q+)E.V559+SO[D+ETN^AI[E[1!^8^7\@KG_5:^Z0N;YKUSIU
MN]GO5]R_7]Q_.
Y_U6VN8O^*_5\$^^_FSLJ!5UUG=97UVHX*H5=JSK9V!W\/



MKNQ#&B&B5





(:)*!

3U(?R&\BDG'H\BD


MPV8=-7TD1@)T/75O1C
$E#'*P:!0J%G_ )_

6




M(2
MN




63!3J=AE*0 S(
FYD4$#$ L


RI!U-^ &[EX8#\O6.WA?U\Z4NH)?B(@3ZD((I9 PU\



)%2M0I:5WPM!;4


CVB=F(&X


';(/F543P2
 '@EX(BF +.?CEEGRH2210Z[#Y,L9@:_B)#;)3?<)*
MT;*
+;X) V#0W\@M)R!NN1M79H8
/&P
8SD3_)!UD@MW&ACZH$ QC^:]=3(X



&\Z55D)L._3
MB$SUX1AX2

3D+
M


FM+@)'ZZC-K




=


W8^C),0JQ'EIOAZAOS'?Y2G$9WN'.J$#*#V;3U.?R8%0!
SJ*2

?-P!
;@@4O?
ML9Q6D;[#+;HLS(!.A'4OVX'IO^/M#:HDH\2P
@=\/!LJ;U6_4[&*I$MO
A&N



M!;_\
5&N&WT$ABY:7+/1A!E9U7 Q%NVLW
M$0Q33CM^'.K:KD(Y*ANB9#*-J[]R'4O A*R==[KMC$WS,H9K=1VI#S#0@#7Z
MD6%.-5IUN]OI2W'AX8560:Q!W5X
 ^0I^\W$A 9/^'N\8[2 .^
P;.8K'95





M9(CU)E6+AF?W]]XE_GKF3J9;A_.4=78^6*4S)3R/85_E-E+)I(/H7IMU+A


MEWV2V)5D=FH_;5%BR^(.16KY8D?SZQ\ W4TV)4HB)5*B;.U=962)[ ;0 !H-

E%8Z*0$U3L&U@Q[!D=WNY;/R07W\19?I

[$8;8H9A+:@4,[?QH/T*J+S4 \75
MHZD?



MQ6M*
/I/[











CIE8S--.(17$\O[Q
+PC29-Y):6&
8M[28Q_8ZR*YU6S*FG




^:FNIGFM)]U3\*9Z!_ZN)CFA^9AW7UP:1L*=
P1_

M1
[XQK
_.&X
&]/INW^^9[POW


BF-OS&DYNH^C24MU=NF]!#*^











MV4YT9V$)8@RJGG3



;1:??



1_)



M@?9+AED+CW[#*^'5
O;M#Q:


MW+)J)^NL4J&J7./M[X N)22U:/8:V/T@+'[
K:
H.K]B$?93KN([Z%:29O%2


M5QPBJ+OGPO$)78


.$O

M

_AF'
[#L_P
LP+'P(V(0% ;
_
MP)9I

L(!2C5%HLLH@+
(3O;X^T/O'@K!7 
+^L&WJ
MPUH@!



E8%;EL =


\-WA7K-4

M-1+U5O:F4V]/4B1V V4^A JNRA&U]-8?WXP.%W#B?-VQ_H9J_&$V/T37T3


MP3M&5_4C;)K[(3%WT7&*KCUTC;[WL3E)!60P.[UA?]48R9EM3\!*FTE9N[\$


M1V E/NHB/O%*7



MN-] F8/&@/-(S'[U?3O\-?##:BS#@:YW]+YBMN?/M3M$I17#H#





%]?
M)3V6#B6=X]&C*IF4


]C$HLN[CA/




UC%6

ZSM [1D8D*P'O8#CO=#G7
M

M 

($
M+OY8!8YY=_SUMGIU=QL4&5/]*[/C


I^LS7A@%

M6T3




N<' )+C/0)


MMOC *T0M:TS#VWD9:JF7;;#]=OJ0UY3?-L$^@%1
.#-&S\ ;&IM

 87)&)'P!<<RKQ3;\_^]J






MC4!=GI:4)C*UBPIUHQF('N?#/




8)8WF@'/:]^=&4S[A3UK7_V9Y;7X%RT-R[Q-WFK)T&\UA.O*

YDT4RFR

*H:H(5P1
GD#E'@-&:S=_^E]'3#SSO=PIQ


/C\[$13[;?K;]=*
MVH@U'K
YCB$R73#%9 X&^]B9NRS)T
!

M:(JI+92V0F!0VL*


M#9[&7GNC!-H3]0=Q8F1-OTBDIC:[(!V_7K8-//UA^4H90LR1KN83]@AW!
M1N$

^ U3 $3K JCLA].2#+!
H?#U0,O]P!Q0W#?M%L_,X\J-ZR\AE%IZQ!776#
MXW%ME[[9@ETV$&V]%SA B!4W:#0FH=REIB JO






@L%_



MGXGG9!H$[
D!(@KS1(7?6J4/MQ#!? 2CA:Q!@3P:. ZYVJSDY$)^!#J3KQJ!

=&!2W(


6EEY880O-8

GL%

M0ZY?@561AP.&=Q:)I;EC&9T(W 29.$$873D #/\$D[N/MX=W^I5L%E,^,
MM;B]3;IN7ZV0CI @HPR.[GU*9W@BO5(8*Q(PYNF+5?$
VJ9ZX9XE=Q[Q( :



M3(L\$4V2&^0/*;EF[5(K=DQ_05&

U[
M\3^7VHV\+

M2E-;QU80T+7



V8
!R);PRVJ&XDSA^D]N7E
M#9XU+X[_N%E@DR'X$EX*\




_PFLK?R
@J1X:7G]9N

WVC?A#78TCXD)F!Z

6^UNV4L^S=TL]Y-AK'N[RZYY2
:I80^H
MD\'




7.%*A+0E0T0M;0XB;3W*6C?2)^Y%*A@$\YKJ


M+UW_U/YFM/R4*A:AU9)
!+U.NFT-3A\W


BO/!3
!266.9QY:M-Y=9*!4PGJ&;X!'GKN6EY0FSELX(.2&&?*:(J!^





M:K
W0+0\J1&
*^D&^8OVL]
LDG21JDG4E*D5A;4F-BBQ5I






SKH?#
E@4&/OG$Z:*V954*1K







M^;4&X&9VEWF






M3]JU9P?#!I
T@

M/!B'

M/XTIG-TU38+\( JA (/\+F+EFHR5KX^07_$85#/9J

)%SE9-9+DK4,_N<8K[=S]+2.T:U*6\-
MW00:0G##:/6ZP]:@4S?%<R2YX@):<[+Q7.V5
%9+IK#ZV-\MWZ\R&HYHOH'


EZ/!
MVF4=/;_5T\H:T+?7R:/&6^V#+&







M:XBE%6*Y DT+LT5^A)W $CS6*XEGQW43\7&Y[2GL@*0K&V -PSXS]PF5J!=-
M7U.)




]L/H6KL!^Q7$ O82
M,.?1F!+C*3/A-B2VTG#LST7K1T$[L87  4T6?^4&((4E^6E*Z?BI?<E\2W#P
M9G:B96CJ&!=*GF5[60O]P


;
MGRW\+.E*9]8#V6(;5] Y91[#F7;
]P.!$5\9APES8@WWTI&8CN_HKD!@)DZ(

E8FL&]K'T ?4GU5%'H0H)[:9IA


787G*J/

[K0L
0:)G6


U:^?.

M6^UBQ

*R5!N$CZUP



M.W-L4 1_QV N4/^]Z+-N.Q-\54:@26'/O7 'NJX(NT;M%E ?RXJU8Y_R0]
MJY0&$:X5I%H%*8A:CE0*_RJC/'RY][
G=
:ZBR4;MX/;DDJC0J19V6VR1[9$













0H]RAY4';.BO[!'(3N' FKH?N-[N4CY)2%JI0FO8_2H
M.[+OWU)X(+&

M@@!G





ZGYEL*@!/BZ4.@;
M[9O
V?JL=!M7\B%;^;EVG$42OVW*:R-
*1
666K TFD*N#;)P



OCGRVE@ IM]_8M@@








B2@4S*2L<9$
M]RG*Y)O8U$+8E=*=4.QX*^/(4RG=AA
P.*GNL*7NR J36(I4;O@./U
T0)!J


MU_D5O!21AS!.F@K8BM#C%\5[TP24.R/9 ?@TRWC-PX9$M;3FQ&TX(2=583
MGK-73S*GG9:X!2C].ZC)6TIZ1)+0PKDO/X6%*UA1I  -W*TJ RGV_E)+\!'Q


X7;6VQ8YEWBHMNMB[DN
1

M?Z*_1;4G^CL+AKD=#-EK7-=_?JN)8E:8Y6'-0_9&DY_2\FP$RI8J;_N4[JNH



GM#Q:




M%CNM(=CF@U[9-MMU$O-(JU. 6F4K(!]J%8UK_8 +6)&:V;L;T/*^1H;B!M71


UG5J/FD7;4%Z9/&OXR2
PFFH*ZG?_J^:/<ZK4ZO
ME*(H
.SZIGMG-CZMX\+Y2-_ D^;Q7UBYO^)'/UK=] E)X.A_]!Z9/!*Y;Z

4KY+TFBCE$0?_? 6=:<_4)-L5J/M3.]F#7L'6D-%=/C8&NX@W6V38 /
7I[&6\&U3/#)F=1#F O'X[?W+QNPZ[] ;JYG\/=6GM9Z\_WESK7

4G=V.$LJ; H@QE









MJK*#Y
'B)E_\
M__UEZVBKT_[#=V

M9_LG]7I\D=;G?4A'KG.^,[UK6Q&;!I7[6]3ZD:_W85'N^KTRK#+W'DS'OM
MB? K&S/G?.9O[!(@+MK/FQ;'W3ZAK(=;IID7X*;'3&P.@/3'TW@#YZ3_M




M08=.Q*FX
TK<ZV(V0]6@!SS
MQ??&^PE#KS/L===(XKJYJH*O

M!0^SW^V N:&&L7-FVA6:LL%I

[B?BH2J(8@S

M*4K/7YH

M^BL+F16

66[CA'M#5YI'NFUSV-L1NE^9QP++
M1=^@/7

 22=9T=0
MRM*DT^T.!WDKLQX268Y*$.T^FA9/EMB\/


M'$:X!51YZ;;\Y-67?I^W5+FT^YP@]F92OG-D^6XZ'\[BNG96&_O[-9UR)
M:6X.#-4,*PE#1B49O&NWM-UHS(4Y





QI
3$[CX-]8


M?


PO?C2\6R& YJ=

M

K^_V-?$K9[;49@T5H<2L#C+DY0(0

Z*6K#0 ;P*I@AH-:M_N:!G[\.-5\
MC^$O



=Y]F
7L
%UA-_ P@
P1V@V
M\]W#%8LN5FYBP2!/E!7C4^:3 MP=_L8S9N[Y;WBLXN\3%#!&PD-F%WG(Z+9P



MRJHHS:P%'+_1CIT0.W
E)ID7X1Y;GA:@)-6](#]!6=,8,'0E,?15$@+8FX


UQHQCN(6011F5
F77/D

\
M9LD

4MV' 







1ST!YG*(WM L1=*J*2_ R/N?!1K][LYM23*




M68%N6?L=X9Q7&;?P# )_2 O

:]TPI:MU9U WUEGA
]^



REQ&C[1*
U$XGK&JCDLQ
9.Y^6AX.!N=RANA8(5_RN(N\)Y/\)
MY#!_#;[XE$T%(HMSA-_]R'+5WY'IOOC1/QG@1['T/]DF9_N6$U^W9RC[?&T

V*
5+:U%R?[BXFH0U\EMLZ-WN_U^=TM0

M

=FRVL5[%M8?;F* :L&LET6_S

J^'6P^9U8!=*XFX'_-^HIQ%[LLT$]LKZ%0YS





MH[:?Z
F
RH*1L4
:%5M=9HW&_&279Y=$\@WKU'M5ZU0PLM48









M2O;4K1Z:[U
GL $:E(=H6I3)CD&U233]YOR(ID0ZK--?!-I^]RC0WJ+]AI!^



V*WW*%JQW;&B(K
+




M&F3\*FFA(#G&_AFQO769=T&0VV([=Z&]S':IN72E#&WJF\VB/U=$-%M+GR






[
M&)@%^2(![##HU



;-F[K[#9T8?M?-C*S+^C$_&C1PEW
M.

=%VXOLIF$




X[%TRIPO70_MN-WLZU
M


(%9WF@&/*]]=V9@
MH8&MIGWU9Y;7XE^T-&S3.7FK)4

\:1J9(I[AQUPWG%MC






MXQ



V)4 !H%7H[*K(


X?5AN?&8X7?)85-8J]^NOUTG9/-@_7R9H4*

MS?
C8A1BJ)!IJ09($
%
:C?\

R$
NEK'EAX48:^!JE&#H ?JR#MU[WV9
MTC$]TQZ8!$0X]6.7!=@.**E/0;,PF2R(XA6E?_6?.?/:#1U)EK8WXRL5!H
_I9],-7PT2,5'F(E!,&FELH.JK+G
MG$A[4 O&]D1U)IZZ8^./D\9RHH&K 6\.O.!ZJ[S!^H*DA<45N+ $!=@[@=\


$(3C*3PF-4/ 4)0L=P5CU[%&


M[ =FAP$K1%
8YO
MZ5J[\[DF7U!R*#*1K6YP!


MWU



?:4824QKY7C(C]A)HIY@;N1\LH%;H3)
MR6;5!A.F$_ 0-B/0




S2VRG
?HV;=7276/F;#I_P7:8ZPE2'O=\10%NTTTA





M?&*L\4)











'
M@7
'@:+[8(.*U9\7I8&+4O=^5$W$[=Q!H&G1F6VSG3L(G-2BY*B!.H)LY:-C

MF5ENB




6G8:/3
EJ[3'AW\1$/ G\=D]=FMK
0
7';N
/NB@MN






8O# *I_2ZZ@.JU_^7NY0^D4FO^:
.2KG-^I:@LV5QT7*





MT= _0AK7LU4

;FJ_]BGM^;R
M38,?YJ:0IG-ESIF$^1JU !WN%UU?7_F3XC!A;_3,7)C)]2:JKK8F#-O+G)U

#:!I@D/^3


MI@!L=-N-J


L2/R
$E4!\6(#-K36Y
M\+\IN0C%3@4J\:$/,*J:5M7Y[8YI#:PZ#]_@ERK\X$X]IY8+\(45B@&?NX!
M'J2HCTU+5D.)8?8Q5&(

M$8J6











81F\T9M0X,EX@%=='CY9J8M +%<.@0SAT883Q!$_PV7K-8 C!@W_Y
M@KYVBKI]  D


M@9HO'X=FUGPQ#(0H9/J5
1.^KFRCHQ6#<B/?S7__QZ7CP$0)5O[_.?&@0(I=7
MMO.4
WBV37K#?*AA&!I*)IO5ODWD. (&I^:(PZ)Y*!QN]BLOKVJ RM-]%'




DL#]
#RF?!NAZP#TFO^0

0?
CP\#LG'+HV@VCPJ)FO?8SV:M/R !*1D3*








 /[X#_:C2.%/-6@%3G1/EOKK(3]

MK8%*HN#$0-X#7V_

4:(
MUP8\?\VP;=CP *6N*X=OGB@^/F/67*8[4- ;\1
A2MAQ%3Y0/5G;#M4(PZZ



M5W55QW
[)F31VS=\-[QVVY13%N
M=02]53.5G9*MNEV$5<5JL=%W[VR([6XF@+OR5L&[X//-G: F54,QK+;\E1*1
M&-2O2%_O$YD:D=XGDD,^X,<(& K??ANSC1'Q%LQ(5?=#%#1EX*B1
+4\BN'



MZMTD4R2LY281'W$T9
5(\M+Y2N9[)D6GFTJ@]-;

MYX:ZEN(4;R\X.Y 
KR(Y)XM!9V?':Q6JUDOO%3@;R#:X?/*#D&0M.9:F71
MM#:CD,21)@9*IEK,X(VN$&\VD_9#XDX#(7T1.G+$?F?Z+R&R369U1084
M:K^BK-=(_T6%!.^K*V3*85])U(MM+R\J





L1[43.Y/-C ^_8D=1

MY?F;=R(AU856IVY(XP4$+=QE&T7!&3'KH;1!R/K'F
L
O#.==JDC_Q@M&C=Y



&1!#(V[






MJS/23F-4*S)G2\S7SA

ME2#P)*0@INL1&[_UM'?*N5?7.^95X=
74+EN;LH1+517?;2&HZU$#=#?XX:'

U+





MVV:^'$5 S4N1N4LK/1JT$(WS/UV#5@D/!FLPY3 J

%HR*
MXN;&.9\X@MX3+)U=
:Z^(+5(N9$&H''N]9O=DS:H!-JX1.'-[IL*(E6$;5PF


M;U
99^Q!\]S%/KH2?6XEQ:\6I'$);DW7 58@ZWQ8.IXD87F(XBPQHJ9B-*\U








  '+O   5    ;6UM
M8BTR
#$X
#$S

M.^.I?-;8OJ3IEPQ
039[%*& I&WUKR\ /@R*(!Z22
!)9N[APRYV]P?L8L$%
M\.


#SX%SC[



MZP*R_^
@C$
V3A;[K
$^!2E;H#@=Q;/3. W3%4.









-4%W5C1K7KK
MUQIT*80(7?K35J
D07R

M
E_Z8\:G*


I_W!N6_4 2U 9-LUR^

Z[-PN'7#H?0:O8 )WRR4

8SL[C
M$[@

MK@._
7#FAO .PRDIRII


M&:CF:M*:%F]46CPS G@.!%;N7
A/!?)E.Y:DU;:^1T\9DU241JK5K9EK

N1MW;M=O5@J+3T;EE6G4$J;V)IQT/2

#$2M1F2U8

#$B=.XM- #0VB7]HTD6W2:Q:

+(

;;V
M5M-$D?ZWH*W?:*IMY;XUW\HMF(



M
5H2%(2U^TND1Q^%5AY$@^V@D2GM'3+E/=!HQBYVHHM.#49M[5V79FV-EMH0









CGI6)6V%U[E*@S7




MT.MM!ACFP*V//=:4W#(G!J^*;D#5CQ_1QDS[+?)F;S47'B\5R@?7WRBMF6&;



A:
E5 I0MC66KCQ5JFB\OV7(K/KV6R4*!H[WH=H[P-4'-Q8$UE[V)E

30WBG\W'MA&A#

MIO3KC0W#C?TZ$P)P*3@MEX

?

MMPYT:RL:












MY77MV^FI'-[^5;GK$Y'3^1RQ#QBH:GP%4W2% DRY167=OR(;:7Q&L\I&JNY%
M

2[8+^P4._W)_P%02P
$%     @
M)#*P3!0M/H0&+@  ]Q(# !4   !M;6UB+3(P
3@P
3
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM?6US

)?ZO[P:_?SF

M@77F$F_ZQ3JASL&Y/Z-_MZ[L)?EB_4I\$M@A#?YN_69[D?@)/7
]$EC'=/GH
MD9#P7R0?_F*]^_GP\


M?&


M_]L7\9\'FQ&+(^2S+R_












M;



 :Z%&LV;W[
]()

2U)==*7S6IKW;@\]^P:Q+$= IKXW# 3UPO




7




YL]Q*!&[&!N


K.EQ:.,3']Y%091<LF4#KV;:

'YQ=?2LV*51[$KW#BJL\A  .$&\ED!F%)PLG2?I5@1I:QMHW 4=T4J
M+$ Q4R7E$!Z';WH,R/VHA/JF,%EOO9=[&J#%G


#3Y=O?O



.19%82/:?$:Q3J@4*N[0UQ%SF6^I0
MSIFL Y$:74A-4Q\F=4= ?]JOQ @(IUE'0):'2L@9!JF.[&'TM( RZQW(D*OM


2L6U_IBXYNP$
M[F.N-K]T&I7TZQ-H&IR V)EU:]R(&^@^F:[K-8X=)UI&\;%PYPV#(G[JOGW
M4),;$?#-U_N F*S*%CIF*]BVS[A!% /XF+675'DL


M7N*4(1TT8N@PRE0 KP94IF
OT=JE'X+

MA$?'A$DZ]0FN2L8+30Q?SW(!'?H'CX;-
AO

A


3]'-B-3L33P

MS:_/2:S^) KXM$F(CP.
R8_/:)#R)?485A@&O5I4YP:TOAC!S29H[(
N
$Y?
MX96Q ^%;-[L(.&XDJ?$;)\Z)^^1.B3]-:.(K4K(_A\*O8H@*(^#%J0XC$$)U
MDXRD(WWATAOB#Y@5($3"2S]4)DRWURG27EJY[]RPV!%]!:G$ FDT[DO%P

._W[BF

=

M([2Z+M&0[#Q&DR?U;6'IX3VL39
%(+LN
WJW2]YNIW8OQNC=@1F]

MOP#(NV OD_X6'\#:C&#]E([QU[;M(U\^_XQ$MO83R9S8\R276
)U-VO=S[P5

MU$.F5





MHZ%H=$8(N[4]PH1K7704V4UCSZ//XN5W-N;+4#(@F8YYFX XX0T?++Z(
)G=


H1
C(5
#)U\J\9


6+1
*^2Z[-M90
BYR)PD++SA
MYC!50
G.JB




DS*[=

JP+6VNX) V8H]TQ=XMKIKDK?0=WU'JKN





:
*ARHCS\YP^O9X25TC\G?B+$/2[C*#YC^XOR-SV
M3OW0!8/CO%6A$=*%O8S4-KW6ND).Z $#IKQ)OD7'R[A$;!2@L-55O!VQHERQ

MICP)BJN/Y8T[3[37D+*$4M#G8S;$*)+?)K-
J7CY 0AHCM1FRHG&&5;
D
D2

M==WI1BLQ!D8P&]YRQ#20Z37GTF6



^]#





E

W6F


M)/!HT4Y&%HVZY_($UTCGMSC&+)VW+CIUY$G@3OG-D]\F)_+RT*\HME.*\32
M!:D%!5K7V07D @B17I+6FXAWPZY4 %Z0;%B\@ T5
D0+T#ZY(-X8:K[RF=M
M1=M
^FJ:B9YE1GZB3P/$%1QJTD'ZAJ(&



M )8+ IU#JST$


FBIE
^W?679D?Z3RL=:W;
M#F[3'\EMNJ']V+


MFG1(\._-VJS-4G[K$-\.7*IY=

M#!^@2@5.=8E':G2:1 BS6H$1=2'JC6#IW]&;K@ZILM'ZHOL8\TUL+Q;3]9




_O$UX:Z



MDK7(.^PC

M;DC2G5*RB;HA#ITG^




M2:%LDNOE5A+$3[HBB%34GK]@3)=0)H7U@1AB(B0Q&1X29(ES=!#+O(AIL@




MZN


MR8*%S00UU&_\IUD$&_94CJO/7N3()#L:F_$]OF/I
@^9N[=


MO


2E1_=M-:KHE


M;B-+%X2O

462BJC5Q6QD/4Q$U122ET-$O*@4K
X


MI=6D#I


\'LJG-IOVB)/=O
5-Q'0^P%
D%M-RMVL4V8S#+[!KF5



M0I@-4R
@=XJ4_:[/T2=(:Q)
M/X2#81=V2C!Y(GXDR?K
MT.


MI[B(2LMIT]CPJ(9 CDEU5B8&KZ;MT,8DU(6OQD;FRE-R+2'ZQ=\%=FH/S8


M
_S R.@&H:GKX6@#&G;#4X=
U=$



VC'




MW/;%WNUXO AK-%W?/]&Y!(V8+GXH;AME
M;7AUQ\Z=KPHMII6)[\K;I(CZGS4 F'3L7/?7@


&@1)V25:PS;X@8&OS=4O%[[Q-X4CY!^(#F?
MG+[82]=/I@-A3N#&KPMJ'%/*.Z*'58=^G$?^K8^7
G9L!\&*;_/%RY):6;B[

D05WW)6

A)QKG-


(@3A/\YR^2](M__S__S_] ]'__

O^)KV
8DS0






M-

M0_]2_O5U



2ZSJFNLRS
MQ

: F!X($
EV@4N \P.
M?(H2
Q_:
D[Y((/7XD-3  X?)*@$/A0RT/@0_TE9]LL3]=TC:*9(&2;BV%

-
3U4JX'R51^&&?W^!DG6WR#]6M@A:Q+KFGA-@DF%03#
M*AVZ+I6X+J%1[-?AAGJU#Q#G7J;H4X-

MU7I#TF?

M2\)9^









6 ;JC. PRB^#

MGZF-C$K2F7'10ZV-BES
.PW


KSX^BE]


MU


M7
Z-G?N/*([9YQ)

MS:
]627

M)B%&APHA'E



=FKT



\<LT$G''LPV7<Y_MCTB[R\K(\&=E=







/W6/ERE9GT:Q_*:;6LQ=OC$UR'W2





8[80S )


!L
Z

=

H@)

I(:Z%
M*C54Z/FCTT]IO$WR@.PNHQ@3V;/WCFW]%' ;-.F(P2(+G)DIK4PJB0]KA4

9IT-U[5\BX
M)8



W&%;\.-SI01GD5[9$E9

1 FSER&Y)@*&'%)9P
M&




 3(KMNZ2;Z_(SOGQ[.,8MZ6L_9GV,4B\5P-

C3M)Z&6K=%




@:[M9&$9LYR.([X(HO$K.


GX:2J@
(42#3 \LX*I
Y
H*Q3F.)1;S-___N3WOZ_L'T1#


K^
M]MU



]ECUYVS _#IA






M# PR_$C2++LCZ5(9

L


V)M
M2O%FNVKJ#26YB( FU-K\$:#BX*J*)2G:-&(]BM+@T'P*CM1%4S+Z\@.2J)X
MFRO#3HU:+@EL684F80TJ8+91[':N4A]RIJK!ST#LU94664#B_L*/C(9Q6V
M)*/UVA+C:?W@T@#QUU3E'KQ6%74L?#?@[XZ#GW'TM&)9U()GNJ9ZPJTA /!

M5OL50)_FL2G-.W7MJVPDL;DHV'2VQB\2V\+[F+!C!^?U^^BT0ZC_%J5TC1V0



M=6=Y4@94JLZ/TD/7.P
' A:XQTM 


CRVD[%L/D4(7

5T24.OXG8:-(-O
M#V*U/!C;:0%2/*:N\D'3^8PI(:X%+CLT-?@


7?#59@__@2ZO;W]^0)?WMY_0[=W%







5\?@(-X%.^8Z

!A.I$V%[=Q*74G0CO\.JH72]=P4NL6S:(4V
*-M


ME:6*YANU

DJ9#&*Z$M








M*M;JX#8 &=19$K)_L6WXYR!FH['(KM
-%% T6;\B7%)X2.6:).ZC#XO& Y#+

(\XVX?ME1V;OTE^BA+V4BN;


M]N;@HQ]%WEWNE051*_V?@FL6\LXRZMK KM/GZH2]
\@6H=22
1U4**%\A4N#



62X1%844C 844VA-[1GZ!_W
4))*-DR






MVCI_%:3 4%
)33B!XH*




4?!1#2CN''%[J\0\JTWRS%V6#ZA
.\GD0Q^AVGN$L
MX]MHU]=G

MYWJHJ0C.8JMJ:.^R]RH! C



M17

M%=#;N*Z02U+) 3;ITY8 0Q0IKXEB%P9HG'0:_2.

M///
$(^@EH?
-'

04TUGEN.Q0V@+T]Q0IW

'2RGQC



=RQ1
1[$^V!WE-#:_'IB)T[6GI
M7AP



7GJ.)91H[3[?S?+F-

'







M][?7@D&RLW3-G-#B8*;(1-&#;-;:CN/*^U2I$U!NHPJ&A/WP2N_SO#L-



4Z?
M\AA8R=9#'SW+\

\





MDM9/AJ*_X(! \Y^*O8ZJ.5A^W;@Z];M

UIL.^[Z'U067[\:M&
M: ZYCW5 P=['SA2UL=E_:X^J#/&9!=6EHZ)X:.*S8UIP@S^
[ROD\9&U.^

M&%P);4A356AS=F#EHG;!


+ ')RV




M4RDVU1-(0+9/E!?@JIP@2Y4':J4)XK*B6!6KVXI[-3#CV1ZK]H$C7*=IP76:


HO_

M9)_+YJ21R
:3:R.
*H6+(Y.#YNIH

M)]T::5S8]&7!..KA[7Z6S*3F_+B#A5TSG[O-LGJ]PV:OO1*S??AF
CW598
M]BKZNR5505&I@PA5.D'K0NVW
LR#5Z_#O/K\VQKF[49U.\R+;_^&AGFKPO;#
MO% #-





'2=/A2Y[&0C

M T^G[O:5R'Z54AM!M2X8.O8$+




F Z^@.

'P



3%F;;HCZ
O@*SJALR^\DVR7
M(EQ^!



&K909%'34
M

MI@V=Y


&AJ 19@B7DQ^XO-05%
R'(G



A[O@ 30NZLY4L



M2MV=JU/6Z!3\45(&7$W!IC10RDD@BJ&;\QRM2SD44D$8E&H:]\%O








MQD=!V9:+LB51\E2

A]
M3[XI77FC

PY30NCQB/S&BQ&D 9(72

ZW6!DI\B&H\T3EFV:

HX=M9^@=9KDJWC'#400QUR(O?(%Y!;L-9U1#9?*


Y-U1(!
]CEN
3;Q;44FQ7H%+#5OSKBT+^?







)\&:.
)+(F4=V88


86^:#!G.49=]W*P#';Z_R&$D#MEXI5






M)N/1N5

MCFTDR+I



R\3O92%HJ HM4\6 5_&K_C[RY0\8/)
T?8W=D()

M /^@+H?A[#VRB[Y;LN

MN:)K^BC)H@5O(]4


S!;NH;!CC;TF3+Z4*TR/;$



[TV?.2Q9_91(!V%4SABXX_B-HZ !XRQ - (UJXG_2Q[*V;4
MA:+B


I!MJ!$/=HKJ3W^
M5'WG**864S--=(Q8?





PL!&'M4H]

MOTY?

IIL0G2+[NO+XAOUVS9=8X_VZ7'





MLZ'JIJ'LID_WR;VF







*)4@(:



N*EDP9#$
MM*=*3I4F(LKLZ8G@)^HI_4C2++LCZ0+C
*- 9772#LCB1%P31&E) RF.!U

J!FYQRL[Z719!MM:3K(9
R#*(-0*Q?

')R.6=<T<&L2(3@L$*#3+A(?H$OV.R
M-?$SIL9T&V8BO2)*2+B6Q8M

MV


MPRCCP;3=N1?P(&F=G-8_UG57/8
ULSO \*VNL9A8H(-ODMT2LICZN#\ TK


&S7.



+.0*6#8J;$]A8CPH/Q1CGO


M3:X&'7_




ML;@NY6A)W*V!A

?CXW#T?
XMKA1$$P.=RLZC



MU8)!J;U);G'_;


(A6C:(27

MK9H-LY!V1?BPDWTJ)[.6-OI@J#H M(FQLQH/W:(&(/SD&G5S\F-?:!-B1]



2-U)



M5].YI7#6F
Q4W='^'5@72
$)S5Y*H1F(ECXUM/0IY)8^M6OITZGW^ZHOG;4;

8KG%\U%%&AB4I5='WMM]_:%;E6#12Y&*S^T6+L]@FP;KA*V-YA

!4]U_!LDV(+O'E_1QE6ZS( GY5CYFN#X%

%O:
5U&B3%


\C#[20]6V5.56L\P




MZWA2EH+*8E!9#KANOB

M5!LE/](ENP_


053(<
MK=2 =5\?S&+*.!9]7 ZW)8L35X]*/\/O$9
U._-2C+7VS[!Z1HI-2*M+A1 _


7\]_2+ZFNG:M? ;9R!YJ\



E7;!]%NBVAE(;51390I1L.E1*J
MM!!7XYG\_*3RIO4


MN[J^!



HX7 PXF#R[2V<GD2)7?.YR'E0=K5(U3&<&A



MX.WF]QT8WD2N#EN62L'M E




MYO$)FQ+$'6./8&Q$T!+'O
BGUE%.Q1L5WCYO[SIDP4%3!H)SR4-M^A:(^N



= W


M WMX3@3TC0W/:5MIPN'9G.W^.3S-WLJ/O-FNDL++UO6U0]_1'M0;&7;CMX@O
M;[
 RJX]EB_;&P8AS!579FD?\40C9]SO']D@F:3R0\9#UF_.P3UH#Y+U@ZW3
M94J6.


MXW^F&=ZL+C99CJ/D

7RVOK+9;3 #YM@
MH6SZK@2P=E? $QJ=RR$NZ+7%^889[_AYL/C5M&FKE8;5$S90A5
BIH-J)2 ;


)M?@D_; WMY





BNB1[-[O


MC!#%'8-2 6#?*-=

MB\ZU4@34L_WPD=;M38JU %VI9*[/ 2JUP#E&H ZSQ)HS\'(E7T%1:;)$\NL
MJ%K -W\'U!%26$)@(Q5ZQQ) ^ER.#WY%HWR&HG&(+;Y!-]E'H)W[3U(WW://
MRD3?\S+1]SM)HN^3ZNV05NS!B9^7VL9J/^VKO9-]Y T14%VW*0G8^.J1$[#Q
M#D_UPM84%)1\!M$-V7MIJ1A\Q&EJ'J.[$B):/E(\
03M/;%K+=C-?O6V-ED


+CI^I!
MXZST+A+[Z5\GC2_H7'!!]C@C;0HZO_R78



^/

/4WKNF2*Y&85J2.A
MDP?84UJ8VAYKY=X&-7::.<0MAU%;!6 _F9#:#BY/?72Q7&)VIQ77?+L/<GR/
MF2JM#1_J9RNV<WJ5%6NC8'T&=^)/@&( U/5K
N9^CM5)D?^#!I[#[W]K1-4

IB'?W5N
MW!7YQ?E$ A*Y21C]U?G5]5/^F_^B1R3L/5DT\2POZ0?_@7Y^.W'SX\.D='




YN[CY]G7.9#ES$]:

]%1'?\\\\_


M=[S!.P92NB)!



M[T@SY)M-^^/C-&2K7Y  UR)QZSYG\!;+S1Y6%G966-%LC/'IEFF!3U;LA *8




/COL3MUT%3/I8UC.-3
E$+SN


M;'S@T)



_GA*^S9-OXCIUC
M[XC']KF




HY3$JD6


MP'X^#8
X].F
!TTZ!;U3=-#5KN9N_)AAE






$B:NG[6T/);R=/I;

J?,:/-P5[M/)6T-Q&LSG8#+8Y.(B 21T@XT9Z?$0-8;,9C;
MP0 .N; XT.!EEL!H!M#T1C
_P!'0R$L#C1





MX
4/G#]7^OOW0S&$0S$$\91\*(9 #L40AD/A4 SA4 QA2P.Q1 .Q1#VZX!G
M&ZMIE-G?+#M@;AZWA?KDY?2C*9Y@IA
(.;.MTF:+



M


M1P95+@0_JBX$=QTYX=PI=66SMAM_K7?+F/[V3TI@TV/K^B2^(\\D2
FG
)S%


MM^.KWRZS&W W@ .P39AL/B^$



MH0MRD_(



'P0N0$HP.(%
VP9/J<0XCG*5] 4=)
+&M@-OVXBD!H'
M+)(BO#J -&2V@VK;0 72A,V)$9ON

/*8)N2?1
_5X-CH3

M9M0-FFT8:#$Q50]J9



_


4A
$5':7

]69C0X*!8Q(Y

M1

M
^C=OA0Y3 

M
GAF2@YY8):)*53(;


)$7SC6]S++&RO.;1J&:YT&


MHC4;#5D2MJE1-
BAUC!\2FQ7:Y!HYFT4M=R'

1

&D[8Q[\H

.*Z
NY_KXVY#FBV?.V*K\07B$&K]4 .0

P[LQZL3SZP%@V(RF




T)O=M-P7/:E=B3S2#DX



MSF?&3Y2X-(#E\&K(;
@EF;![@]R DD-[H'?_07*RV/62'GVH?-J=ZJ61&,6-FW5A=VP<
M@E8YLWXL#\]6.#?6OS:J0S*$MW&U63X;OS4X(0%;U23K82/*)J=W6 ?.M@?G
MST4?_V[U\J$0S&2\*HDPA'L;C44UE74GOQ8?60@X_E%UGS[&Y(^4=7G.RPY+
M5D-!?
N&SGH;;O5$6 9.O(**SF(%69@FPNY22V7R738-+(
-+(CF:T0&+$
ME+%BQXV8%7BLF//GS4\VUZLW%#96Q.S6N%OG_P0
0C]V,+&S/2))^F'+ *

2X@AX1#-2S3Q


M\$SQUBL QW#=/.



S8$([7@F+?OF$H9#WQ/



M=5Q(GU71/:





MR8@3U%%2C;Q&K3)A-24




MA

89O4W579R9XA\SQ$&



MT6@
FA;Q7=JW[4W#^??/PI5+ [%ZJRTLZU:DMH9BJQSO3D1]NO[^3QB3I^7Y




(MV34:D\Q+7?=Y)


/:+8'R5







]-L5M(XY.\D%.^I%:\=95#(Y3/N:&R!&2TUA6
ERD8/?2;%
M:\7*H@^BMK;/^L9HR07& 4C5FI(DHH]IDAO4;::08KZ##CA5#[9/SAV'FEXY




M:-!2D-B^/6B+EE8+.


MU=4I
L?&CN?X


MH+-QH*KP.TV6)-IQJDO8ES2W[=OJ:N

M








HX07+STCC]D+
U#QPTL(5G&I+53%
MPY4';:?BAKB#W24*_28@3UY^Z0:F1S)7*U=/0Y%*5V5[!T6Z9H)E0+*(&NJ\
M)6##+K-@3\?O'VPNJ\;:4KA N28MOC%&YJ\4$A)$F6)406);;\J^))<*S8.
M=
Y$+)ZF4414J81JJM$$#$&$QP%3]AHM+U)'

M]F/[CA(
9#L%X0 792SL8 5


M Z

M/L19UAY#

T*YMC_R'[B2/Y:4S'[U^Q59N/YYD%#I]2AK

7R;X1\:J# 4FC


A 2Y&(_:XQDD. H
LW$+?&

-ZU3SG**6S[65N&





7WQ;CR\.%RZ#X?'%GB[%PN91 G-
M?&*J_.!&0]N+ =C;*1$1A_Z1OI%B/WNATQLI;R+
LQS*DKZ Y+;OE[J(;(7
M;:+??1)Z7R[C.6S


NUENKPC
M'J'/9#8U'G.0;L93=J*5?@;:\T\8P[.B
()DBU]M




YQ7^=
N0@@0')'+#



@VHHC=6%O63GTWCHM*
M$)H2R'*2

0ZT;



M$G+^
2'Q6_9$IC9DI];


M3?NS?;D/J\7366$# 5GWL9[19SHCP6Q3_+[@.S







7.Y
M/\?=3:H)D.O_4[;#?V9TT.IN+6CXF?:Q(W2NP[[JJI[27&MH!9^R':^T




.)9%Y^9Z42E&]);W]WM


M##(H4M=_(-'J@\9&

6;!O-\.5VVL)B._9;5;9L
O\V#

MNM@TQ3H'MJ\7$9BB&)2W;HI%\+M=:Q0P8?L&$(%!2J%YZS:)[UB$H0H& HL4



)H15C1[FQ&)A^P!T U][U-8HS!%

Y 05



:

MY8N;@N=A'/I6R3N4BN=SZA$&M*?1;[
=5+E(C%DJ*8Y+W.QR67UB*37!L0\&

U0E**V*





MT&K([/OLH1Y!_*BU!
$_6R]+


M(8-B9-&] 1-$A6RRA:E8N?%E581BUU8W

)BI8T;U=-8CM(R1:%Z&RNHO3]




M0XM?D0EQET%?%E3JR_:Y?:\&U-#AUV0_]+FW&:C4EVU/PW[MIZ[#K\9^=L?_



M


6Z/I\\4\;(NM)8O@CTTCGZFI%]

MMJ+J4-U2._1M^V[6?%AV5B22Q%6IZ[H4D\C?M \#[K2?SDOS4A:@675TB_W;



M(64=L 0/8:Q'HH;9\5F*NH_




#KB9[K3XW4XA.




OSYZR* 2C!__OZ&6C7C9/W@RRG
MORZF_A@CI\01C[*;'X=(=4?F3)FXA3^6NV]


M;

[BI+N=-Y:T
MM3W 8^**P7%

BPW_Q_
M4$L! A0#%     @ )#*P3#^_QE=AXP  OV4) !$              ( !
M &UM;6(M
C Q.# Q

M !$              ( !D.
  &UM;6(M
C Q.# Q


C Q
M.# Q

3@P
3
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M  D
K!
O/E5-BIE   1  8 %0              @ $D. $ ;6UM8BTR
#$X
M
#$S

SJ/)8N0@  W: $ !4
M         ( !@9T! &UM;6(M
C Q.# Q

+ (H!  #BWP$    !
end



