

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-20-006975
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200423
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200423
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MamaMancini's Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520358
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				270607116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54954
		FILM NUMBER:		20810294
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-531-1212
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASCOT PROPERTIES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the year ended January 31
 2020



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
File
    Number)
    
Identification
    Number)


25
Branca Road
East
Rutherford
 NJ 07073
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)


(Former
name or former address
 if changed since last report)

(201)
531-1212
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



Title
    of Each Class
    
Trading
    Symbol
    
Name
    of Each Exchange on which registered

Common
    Stock
 par value $0.00001
    
    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    
Emerging
    Growth Company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on July 31
 2019
 based
on a closing price of $0.47 was approximately $7
099
468.

As
of April 23
 2020
 the registrant had 31
991
241 shares of its common stock
 0.00001 par value per share
 issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.





    
    


Table
of Contents



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules
    

    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

Included
in this Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected
in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;
Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;shall
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements
involve risks and uncertainties and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after
the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.

Our
History

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2009. Mascot Properties
Inc.&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Mascot&rdquo;) activities since its inception consisted of trying to locate real estate properties to manage
primarily related to student housing
 and services which included general property management
 maintenance and activities coordination
for residents. Mascot did not have any significant development of such business and did not derive any revenue. Due to the lack
of results in its attempt to implement its original business plan
 management determined it was in the best interests of the shareholders
to look for other potential business opportunities.

On
February 22
 2010
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC was formed as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of New Jersey
in order to commercialize our initial products. On March 5
 2012
 the members of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 LLC
 holders of 4
700 units
(the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC
 exchanged the Units for 15
000
000 shares of common stock and those certain
options to purchase an additional 223
404 shares of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc. (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of
the Exchange
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s LLC ceased to exist and all further business has been and continues to be conducted by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Inc.

On
January 24
 2013
 Mascot
 Mascot Properties Acquisition Corp
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s Inc.
 a privately-held Delaware Corporation headquartered in New Jersey (&ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
and David Dreslin
 an individual (the &ldquo;Majority Shareholder&rdquo;)
 entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Merger Sub was merged with and into Mama&rsquo;s
 with Mama&rsquo;s surviving
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;). The transaction (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;) took place
on January 24
 2013 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;). Mascot acquired
 through a reverse triangular merger
 all of the outstanding
capital stock of Mama&rsquo;s in exchange for issuing Mama&rsquo;s shareholders (the &ldquo;Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders&rdquo;)
pro-rata
 a total of 20
054
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Merger
 the Mama&rsquo;s Shareholders
became the majority shareholders of Mascot. Immediately following the Closing of the Agreement
 Mascot changed its business plan
to that of Mama&rsquo;s. On March 8
 2013
 Mascot received notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;)
that its application to change its name and symbol had been approved and effective Monday
 March 11
 2013
 Mascot began trading
under its new name
 &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.&rdquo; (&ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
and under its new symbol
 &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo;.


    
    


On
November 1
 2017
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc.
 a New Jersey corporation (&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;)
 and
MMMB Acquisition
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 completed
a merger transaction whereby JEFE merged with and into Merger Sub
 with Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly
owned subsidiary of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and in connection with the merger
 the Company
acquired all assets of JEFE. The consideration for the transaction was (a) the extinguishment of the Inter-Company Loan between
the parties
 (b) the assumption by the Company of all JEFE accounts payable and accrued expenses (c) assumption by the Company
of certain third-party loans to JEFE totaling approximately $782
000 and (d) indemnification of Carl Wolf with respect to his
collateralization of a bank loan to JEFE in the amount of approximately $250
000. As a result of the transaction
 (i) the Company
became the sole shareholder of JEFE
No cash or stock was exchanged
in connection with the transaction.

Our
Company

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
roots go back to our founder Dan Dougherty
 whose grandmother Anna &ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini emigrated from Bari
 Italy to Bay
Ridge
 Brooklyn in 1921. Our products were developed using her old-world Italian recipes that were handed down to her grandson
Dan Dougherty. Today we market a line of all-natural specialty prepared
 frozen and refrigerated foods for sale in retailers
around the country. Our primary products include beef and turkey meatballs
 meat loaf
 chicken
 sausage-related products and pasta
entrees
 all with slow cooked Italian Sauce.

Our
products are all natural
 contain a minimum number of ingredients and are generally derived from the original recipes of Anna
&ldquo;Mama&rdquo; Mancini. Our products appeal to health-conscious consumers who seek to avoid artificial flavors
 synthetic
colors and preservatives that are used in many conventional packaged foods.

The
United States Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) defines all natural as a product that contains no artificial
ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted
to the USDA and approved as all natural. The Food and Safety and Inspection Service (&ldquo;FSIS&rdquo;) Food Standards and Labeling
Policy Book (2003) requires meat and poultry labels to include a brief statement directly beneath or beside the &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
Label claim that &ldquo;explains what is meant by the term natural i.e.
 that the product is a natural food because it contains
no artificial ingredients and is only minimally processed&rdquo;. The term &ldquo;natural&rdquo; may be used on a meat label or
poultry label if the product does not contain any artificial flavor or flavoring
 coloring ingredient
 chemical preservative
or any other artificial or synthetic ingredient. Additionally
 the term &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; can be used if the FSIS approves
your product and label claims. The Company&rsquo;s product and label claims have been approved by the FSIS to contain the all-natural
label.

Additionally
the Company has recently commenced marketing of certain &ldquo;meatless&rdquo; versions of its product line under a Trademark
Licensing Agreement with Beyond Meat
 Inc.

Our
products are principally sold to supermarkets and mass-market retailers. We currently have 26 different product offerings which
are packaged in different sized retail and bulk packages. Our products are principally sold in multiple sections of the supermarket
including hot bars
 salad bars
 prepared foods (meals)
 sandwich
 as well as cold deli and foods-to-go sections. Our products
are also sold in the frozen food and fresh meat sections. We sell directly to both food retailers and food distributors.


 we also sell our products on QVC through live on-air offerings
auto ship programs and for everyday purchases on their web site. QVC is the world&rsquo;s largest direct to consumer marketer.



 2020
the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10% of gross sales. During the year ended
January 31
 2020
 these three customers represented approximately 34%
 16% and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.
During the year ended January 31
 2019
 the company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 50% and 10%
of gross sales. As of January 31
 2019
 three customers represented approximately 44%
 19% and 13% of total gross outstanding
receivables
 respectively.



in order to focus on maximum performance
 and as a result periodically eliminates under-performing accounts.


Industry
Overview

Our
products are considered specialty prepared foods
 in that they are all natural
 taste great
 are authentic Italian and are made
with high quality ingredients. The market for specialty and prepared foods spans several sections of the supermarket
 including
frozen
 deli- prepared foods
 and the specialty meat segment of the meat department.


    
    


Our
Strengths

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate our products and our brand:



    
    
Authentic
    recipes and great taste. 
    We believe the authenticity of our products has enabled us to build and maintain loyalty and trust among our current customers
    and will help us attract new customers. Additionally
 we continuously receive positive customer testimonials regarding the
    great taste and quality of our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Healthy
    and convenient. 
 including domestic inspected beef
 whole
    Italian tomatoes
 genuine imported Pecorino Romano
 real eggs
 natural breadcrumbs
 olive oil and other herbs and spices.
    Our products are also simple to prepare. Virtually every product we offer is ready-to-serve within 12 minutes
 thereby providing
    quick and easy meal solutions for our customers. By including the sauce and utilizing a tray with our packaging
 our meatballs
    can be prepared quickly and easily.

    
    
    

    
    
Great
    value. 
    price. Typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages ranges from $4.99 to $7.99
 and $5.99 to $9.99 for bulk products sold in
    delis or hot bars. We believe the sizes of our product offerings represent a great value for the price.

    
    
    

    
    
New
                                         products and innovation
 we have continued to introduce new
                                         and innovative products. While we pride on ourselves on our traditional beef and
                                         turkey meatballs and meat loaf
 we have continuously made efforts to grow and
                                         diversify our line of products while maintaining our high standards for all natural
                                         healthy ingredients and great taste.







    
    
Strong
    consumer loyalty. 
    great-tasting products made with all-natural ingredients. Consumers have actively communicated with us through our website
    and/or social media channels. We believe that this consumer interaction has generated interest in our products and has inspired
    enthusiasm for our brand. We also believe that enthusiasm for our products has led and will continue to lead to repeat purchases
    and new consumers trying our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
    leadership. 
 Carl Wolf
    has been with us since inception and has over 35 years of experience in the management and operations of food companies. Mr.
    Wolf was the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a public company engaged
    in the development
 marketing and distribution of cheese
 deli meats and other specialty food products
 which was sold to
    Land O&rsquo;Lakes
 Inc. In addition
 the other members of our board of directors also have significant experience in the
    food industry.


Our
Growth Strategy

We
are actively executing a strategy to build our brand&rsquo;s reputation
 grow sales and improve our product and operating margins
by pursuing the following growth initiatives:



    
    
Increase
    product placements in the perimeter within retail locations
    of retail locations. We believe adding shelf placements within the supermarkets that carry our products will increase customer
    awareness
 leading to more consumers purchasing our products and expanding our market share.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Sales in &ldquo;Fresh&rdquo; Section
    where there is significant sales growth and higher margins
 over products in the &ldquo;Frozen&rdquo; section which are showing
    zero to negative growth.




    
    




    
    
Increase
retail locations
grocery and mass merchandiser channels.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Overall Sales
    Co-Founder Dan Dougherty
 Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 and Matthew Brown
 our President
 each of whom
    is involved with selling to
 and managing sales with
 major supermarket chains. In addition
 the Company has contracted
    with an independent consultant to manage sales opportunities in the food service area as well as an independent person to
    solicit sales in colleges and universities and independent delicatessens
 

    
    
    

    
    
Expand
    food brokerage network
    to increase our geographical coverage in the United States to approximately 90%.

    
    
    

    
    
Enhance
    awareness through marketing
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 and YouTube.
    We have also expanded our activity with Sirius Radio by 25% in calendar 2020 over 2019. We also engage with consumers through
    newsletter mailings
 blogs
 and special projects
 including a bank of recipe videos and contests and giveaways. Targeted consumer
    merchandising activity
 including virtual couponing
 on-pack couponing
 mail-in rebates
 product demonstrations
 and co-op
    retail advertising will continue into the future in order to increase sales and generate new customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Adding
    new products
    intend to continue to introduce new products in both existing and new product lines that appeal to a wide range of consumers.

    
    
    

    
    
Maintain
    a Strong Relationship with QVC
    line offerings offered through QVC.

    
    
    

    
    
Increase
    Media Exposure

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;Club
    Stores&rdquo;.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company is actively pursuing sales to Canada through a designated agent who is handling all necessary compliance issues.




Our
pricing strategy focuses on being competitively priced with other premium brands. Since our products are positioned in the authentic
premium prepared food category
 we maintain prices competitive with those of similar products and prices slightly higher than
those in the commodity prepared foods section. This pricing strategy also provides greater long-term flexibility as we grow our
product line through the growth curve of our products. Current typical retail prices for 16 oz. packages range from $4.99 to $7.99
and $5.99 to $9.99 per pound for prepared food products sold to delis or hot bars. Increases in raw materials costs
 among other
factors
 may lead to us consider price increases in the future.




 2020
 approximately
90% of our products are internally produced by the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Joseph Epstein Food Enterprises
 Inc
(&ldquo;JEFE&rdquo;). Approximately 10% are manufactured on an outsourced basis. None of our raw materials or ingredients are
directly grown or produced by us. From time-to-time we negotiate with other manufacturers to supplement the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing
capability. We currently purchase modest quantities from other manufacturers. All of the raw materials and ingredients in our
products are readily available and are readily ascertainable by our suppliers. We have not experienced any material shortages
of ingredients or other products necessary to our operations and do not anticipate such shortages in the foreseeable future.



    
    




Our
products are sold primarily through a commission broker network. We sell to large retail chains who direct our products to their
own warehouses or to large food distributors.

The
Company increased its sales management efforts with the result that the Company is now actively soliciting business with almost
every major retail supermarket chain in the country. MamaMancini&rsquo;s products are currently sold nationwide
 with its greatest
concentration in the Northeast and Southeast. In April 2019
 the Company initiated a major sales effort into the food service
convenience store
 export and special projects areas.



The
majority of our marketing activity has been generated through promotional discounts
 consumer trial
 consumer product tastings
and demonstrations
 in-store merchandising and signage
 couponing
 word of mouth
 consumer public relations
 social media
 special
merchandising events with retailers and consumer advertising.

Based
on the Company&rsquo;s metrics for determining brand awareness
 which includes market studies and analysis of consumer recognition
of the MamaMancini&rsquo;s brand
 the Company believes that brand awareness for MamaMancini&rsquo;s has grown in the past 12 months.

Investments
- Meatball Obsession



interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is accounted for using
the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost plus the Company&rsquo;s equity in
the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity. At December 31
 2011 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred
by MO. The Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2020 and 2019
the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO was 12% and 12%
 respectively. One of our directors
 Steven Burns
 serves as the
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Meatball Obsession. As of December 31
 2019
 MO had wound down and ceased operations.
Major accounts were transitioned to MamaMancini&rsquo;s as a part of the wind down.



The
gourmet and specialty pre-packaged and frozen food industry has many large competitors specializing in various types of cuisine
from all over the world. Our product lines are currently concentrated on Italian specialty foods. While it is our contention that
our competition is much more limited than the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry based on our products&rsquo; niche
market
 there can be no assurances that we do not compete with the entire frozen and pre-packaged food industry. We believe our
principal competitors include Quaker Maid
 Hormel
 Rosina Company
 Inc.
 Casa Di Bertacchi
 Inc.
 Farm Rich
 Inc.
 Mama Lucia
Buona Vita
 Inc.
 Taylor Farms and Kings Command.

Intellectual
Property


of trade secret recipes and cooking processes for our products and four trademarks for &ldquo;MamaMancini&rsquo;s&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Mac
N&rsquo; Mamas&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Sunday Dinner&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Meatball Lovers Meatball&rdquo;. The recipes and use
of the trademarks have been assigned in perpetuity to the Company.

We
rely on a combination of trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We will also
use technical measures to protect our proprietary rights.


    
    


Royalty
Agreement

In
accordance with a Development and License Agreement (the &ldquo;Development and License Agreement&rdquo;) entered into on January
1
 2009 with Dan Dougherty relating to the use of his grandmother&rsquo;s recipes for the products to be created by MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Mr. Dougherty granted us a 50-year exclusive license (subject to certain minimum payments being made)
 with a 25-year extension
option
 to use and commercialize the licensed items. Under the terms of the Development and License Agreement
 Mr. Dougherty shall
develop a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Mr. Dougherty
shall work with us to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to us. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by us
 Mr. Dougherty&rsquo;s
trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such Licensor Products shall be subject
to the Development and License Agreement. In connection with the Development and License Agreement
 we pay Mr. Dougherty a royalty
fee on net sales.

USDA
approval / Regulations

Our
food products
 which are manufactured both in our own manufacturing facilities and in third-party facilities
 are subject to various
federal
 state and local regulations and inspection
 and to extensive regulations and inspections
 regarding sanitation
 quality
packaging and labeling. In order to distribute and sell our products outside the State of New Jersey
 the third-party food processing
facilities must meet the standards promulgated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the &ldquo;USDA&rdquo;). Our manufacturing
processing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal
 state
 and local authorities. In January 2011
the FDA&rsquo;s Food Safety Modernization Act was signed into law. The law will increase the number of inspections at food facilities
in the U.S. in an effort to enhance the detection of food borne illness outbreaks and order recalls of tainted food products.
The facilities in which our products are manufactured are inspected regularly and comply with all the requirements of the FDA
and USDA.

We
are subject to the Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory
program governs
 among other things
 the manufacturing
 composition and ingredients
 packaging
 and safety of food. Under this
program
 the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through
 among other things
 its current &ldquo;good manufacturing
practices&rdquo; regulations
 or GMP&rsquo;s
 and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically
 the USDA defines &ldquo;all
natural&rdquo; as a product that contains no artificial ingredients
 coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives and is minimally
processed. The Company&rsquo;s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;. However
 should
the USDA change their definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; at some point in the future
 or should MamaMancini&rsquo;s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA&rsquo;s definition of &ldquo;all natural&rdquo;
 our results
of operations could be adversely affected.

The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products
 and we are currently in compliance with all regulations
related thereto
 although we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and
state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase
the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to
be adversely affected.

Quality
Assurance

We
take precautions designed to ensure the quality and safety of our products. In addition to routine third-party inspections of
our manufacturing facilities
 we have instituted regular audits to address topics such as allergen control
 ingredient
 packaging
and product specifications and sanitation. Under the FDA Food Modernization Act
 both our own manufacturing facilities and each
of our contract manufacturers are required to have a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways
for contaminants and mandates control measures that must be used to prevent
 eliminate or reduce relevant food-borne hazards.

Our
manufacturing facility is certified in the Safe Quality Food Program. These standards are integrated food safety and quality management
protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality simultaneously.
Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
 process or service complies with applicable regulations
and standards.

We
work with suppliers who assure the quality and safety of their ingredients. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
or quality assurance specification packets
 including affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required.
The quality assurance staff within our manufacturing facility and within our contract manufacturers conduct periodic on-site routine
audits of critical ingredient suppliers.


    
    


Where
You Can Find More Information

The
public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with
the SEC.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. Notwithstanding
 in addition to risk factors
highlighted in previous reports
 the Company adds the following additional risk factor:

We
could be substantially affected by the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic

In
December 2019
 an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan
 China
 and has since spread to a number
of other countries
 including the United States. On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a
pandemic. In addition
 as of the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 several states in the United States have
declared states of emergency
 and several countries around the world
 including the United States
 have taken steps to restrict
travel. While all of our operations are located in the United States
 we participate in a national supply chain
 and the existence
of a worldwide pandemic
 the fear associated with COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
 and the reactions of governments around the world
in response to COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
 to regulate the flow of labor and products and impede the travel of personnel
 may
impact our ability to conduct normal business operations
 which could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity.
Disruptions to our supply chain and business operations
 or to our suppliers&rsquo; or customers&rsquo; supply chains and business
operations
 could include disruptions from the closure of supplier and manufacturer facilities
 interruptions in the supply of
raw materials and components
 personnel absences
 or restrictions on the shipment of our or our suppliers&rsquo; or customers&rsquo;
products
 any of which could have adverse ripple effects on our manufacturing output and delivery schedule. If we need to close
any of our facilities or a critical number of our employees become too ill to work
 our production ability could be materially
adversely affected in a rapid manner. Similarly
 if our customers experience adverse business consequences due to COVID-19
 or
any other
 pandemic
 demand for our products could also be materially adversely affected in a rapid manner. Global health concerns
such as COVID-19
 could also result in social
 economic
 and labor instability in the countries and localities in which we or
our suppliers and customers operate. Any of these uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition or results of operations.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.


at 25 Branca Road East Rutherford
 NJ 07073. We currently lease 24
213 square feet of space located in East Rutherford
 NJ from
Joseph Branca Partnership
 Ltd for a current rental of $15
996 per month. The lease term runs through March 31
 2024 with renewal
options through March 31
 2029. In addition
 we lease an additional 1
077 square feet of space at 355 Murray Hill Parkway
from CLN Associates
 LLC for a current rental of $1
817 per month.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;MMMB&rdquo; The following table sets forth (i)
the intra-day high and low sales price per share for our common stock
 as reported on the OTCQB
 for the fiscal years ended January
31
 2020 and January 31
 2019. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and
may not represent actual transactions.




 2020
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2019
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
market price of our common stock
 like that of other early stage companies
 is highly volatile and is subject to fluctuations
in response to variations in operating results
 announcements of new products
 or other events or factors. Our stock price may
also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance.

(b)
Holders

As
of April 23
 2020
 there were approximately 102 record holders of our common stock and there were 31
991
241 shares of
our common stock issued and outstanding. This figure does not take into account those shareholders whose certificates are held
in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees. Please see SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT for
information related to the holdings of certain beneficial owners and management of the Company.

(c)
Dividends

Preferred
Stock
per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. All outstanding shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock automatically converted to Company Common Stock on July 27
 2017 and no shares of Preferred Stock are currently
issued and outstanding.

Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. We have
not paid any cash dividends to the holders of our Common Stock and it is not our present intention to pay any cash dividends on
our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
 if any
 in our business operations.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

At
the present time
 we have 450
000 shares of common stock authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan. For more
information on our equity compensation plan please refer to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 5
 2013.


    
    


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Below
is a list of securities sold by us from February 1
 2019 through January 31
 2020 which were not registered under the Securities
Act.

Common
Stock



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
125
000
    


The
securities issued in the abovementioned transactions were issued in connection with a Consulting Agreement and were exempt from
the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 pursuant to the terms of Section 4(2) of
that Act.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS
 UNCERTAINTIES
AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT
FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS
 LEVELS OF ACTIVITY
 PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS.
THESE RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS INCLUDE
 AMONG OTHERS
 THOSE LISTED UNDER &ldquo;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&rdquo; AND &ldquo;RISK
FACTORS&rdquo; AND THOSE INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT.

Results
of Operations for the Year ended January 31
 2020 and 2019

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the year ended January 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    

    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
34
837
447
28
474
374

    
11
071
310
9
893
885

    
(8
987
886
(8
425
370

    
(550
730
(1
015
016

    
1
532
694
453
499



 2020 and
2019
 the Company reported a net income of $1
532
694 and $453
499
 respectively. The change in net income between the
year ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 was primarily attributable to an increase in sales of 22% in addition to a decrease in other
expenses.

Sales:

 net of slotting fees and discounts increased by approximately 22% to $34
837
447 during the year ended January 31
2020
 from $28
474
374 during the year ended January 31
 2019. In addition
 during the year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company
was able to increase its sales through new customers as well as its existing customer base.


    
    



The gross profit margin
was 32% for the year ended January 31
 2020 compared to 35% for the year ended January 31
 2019. During the year ended
January 31
 2020
 cost of sales included an increase in depreciation expense of approximately $255
000 (thereby reducing gross
margin by approximately 1%) related to the significant plant capacity additions during the last 12 months. Gross margin also decreased
slightly due to a change in product mix. In future periods the Company expects sales to increase from the current quarter level
which should increase gross profit margin as plant efficiencies should take effect.


 Operating expenses
increased by 7% during the year ended January 31
 2020
 as compared to the year ended January 31
 2019. Operating expenses decreased
as a percentage of sales from 30% in 2019 to 26% in 2020. The $562
516 increase in total operating expenses is primarily attributable
to the following increases in operating expenses:



    
Postage
    and freight of $580
428 due to increased sales and a slight increase in freight rates in the first part of the year
 offset
    by lower rates in the last quarter;

    
    

    
Commission
    expense of $116
355 due to increased sales; and

    
    

    
Professional
    fees of $80
917 due to investor relations and investment banking activities.


These
expense increases were offset by decreases in the following as well as minimal decreases in other expense categories:



    
Stock-based
                                         compensation for services rendered by employees and consultants decreased by $68
302
                                         compared to the prior period; and


    
    

    
Advertising
                                         of $31
267 due to lower co-op ad expense as the mix of sales moved to everyday
                                         pricing which included merchandising events.



Other
Expense: 
286 to $550
730 for the year ended January 31
 2020 as compared to $1
015
016 during
the year ended January 31
 2019. For year ended January 31
 2020
 other expenses consisted of $482
995 in interest expense incurred
on the Company&rsquo;s financing arrangements. In addition
 the Company recorded $67
735 of amortization expense related to the
debt discount. For year ended January 31
 2019
 other expenses consisted of $881
702 in interest expense incurred on the Company&rsquo;s
financing arrangements. In addition
 the Company recorded $133
314 of amortization expense related to the debt discount.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at January 31
 2020 compared to January 31
 2019:



    

 2020

 2019
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
620
255
4
763
000
857
255

    
4
208
231
3
615
662
592
569

    
1
412
024
1
147
338
264
686



 2020
 we had working
capital of $1
412
024 as compared to a working capital of $1
147
338 as of January 31
 2019
 an increase of $264
686.
The increase in working capital is primarily attributable to an increase in accounts receivable of $1
077
063 and an increase
in prepaid expenses of $97
090. These amounts were offset by a decrease in cash of $215
726
 an increase in accounts payable and
accrued expenses of $490
858 and a $177
912 increase in the current portion of lease obligations.


for the year ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 was $1
814
689 and $1
443
408
 respectively. The net income for the year ended January
31
 2020 and 2019 was $1
532
694 and $453
499
 respectively.


    
    


Net
cash used in all investing activities for the year ended January 31
 2020 was $268
106 as compared to $1
033
724 for the year
ended January 31
 2019
 respectively
 to acquire new machinery and equipment and leasehold improvements. Our capital expenditures
are attributed to a Plant Expansion Project in progress since mid-2017 to expand plant capacity and efficiency to meet growing
demand.


activities for the year ended January 31
 2020 was $1
762
399 as compared to $381
597 used in  financing activities for
the year ended January 31
 2019. During the year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company&rsquo;s net borrowings on its
line of credit increased by $385
314 over the prior year. These cash in-flows were offset by payments on
its term loan of $2
058
337 and $89
376 paid for capital lease payments. During the year ended January 31
 2019
 the
Company received proceeds of $40
000 received from the exercise of options
 proceeds of $213
250 from capital-leaseback transactions
and proceeds of $2.8 million from the term loan. These net proceeds were offset by $7
812 of repayments on a related party notes
payable
 repayment of notes payable totaling $2
130
625
 $120
446 for payment of debt issuance costs
 net repayments of the line
of credit of $90
356
 payments of term loan of $1
058
615 and $26
993 paid for capital lease payments.


financial statements
 the Company has net income and net cash provided by operations of $1
532
694 and $1
814
689
respectively
 for the year ended January 31
 2020.

Although
the expected revenue growth and control of expenses leads management to believe that it is probable that the Company&rsquo;s cash
resources will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through the fiscal year ending January 31
 2021
 the Company may require
additional funding to finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well as to achieve its strategic objectives.
There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company
 if at all. In that event
the Company would be required to change its growth strategy and seek funding on that basis
 though there is no guarantee it will
be able to do so.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements


 the FASB issued ASU
2016-02

&rdquo;
created by leases with terms greater than twelve months. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within
those years beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance at the beginning
of its first quarter of fiscal 2020 and utilized the transition option which does not require application of the guidance to comparative
periods in the year of adoption. The primary effect of adoption of ASU 2016-02 is recording right-of-use assets and corresponding
lease obligations for operating leases. The adoption had a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated balance sheets
but not on the consolidated statements of income or cash flows.

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16


transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the
update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.

In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic
480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement
of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception&rdquo;
for certain financial instruments with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments
(or embedded features) that result in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current
accounting guidance creates cost and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible
instruments) with down round features that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part
II of this update addresses the difficulty of navigating Topic 480
 
 because of
the existence of extensive pending content in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of
the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities
and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting
effect. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.


    
    


In
June 2018
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2018-07

Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 companies will no longer be required to
value non-employee awards differently from employee awards. Companies will value all equity classified awards at their grant-date
under ASC 718 and forgo revaluing the award after the grant date. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2018
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted
 but no
earlier than the Company&rsquo;s adoption date of Topic 606
(as described above
under &ldquo;Revenue Recognition&rdquo;). The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on its consolidated
financial statements.

In
August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&rdquo;.
in the notes to the financial statements by facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is
most important to users of each entity&rsquo;s financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that
are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments
in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements.

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12

&rdquo;). This guidance eliminates certain exceptions
 tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting
for income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual periods after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those
annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
consolidated financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). GAAP requires the use of estimates; assumptions
 judgments and subjective
interpretations of accounting principles that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expense amounts reported.
These estimates can also affect supplemental information contained in our external disclosures including information regarding
contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP
and are consistently and conservatively applied. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation of our financial statements.

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. While all these significant
accounting policies impact our financial condition and results of operations
 we view certain of these policies as critical. Policies
determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require management
to use a greater degree of judgment and estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Our management believes that
given current facts and circumstances
 it is unlikely that applying any other reasonable judgments or estimate methodologies would
cause effect on our consolidated results of operations
 financial position or liquidity for the periods presented in this report.


    
    


We
believe the following critical accounting policies and procedures
 among others
 affect our more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and
the fair value of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.



In
February 2016
 (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements
to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&rsquo;s
leasing activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter
the collection of lease guidance is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks to achieve this objective by requiring
reporting entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.


 2019
 the Company adopted
ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) asset and liability in the
consolidated balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse space. Results
for the year ended January 31
 2020 are presented under ASC 842
 while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to
be reported in accordance with the legacy accounting guidance under ASC Topic 840
 

As
part of the adoption the Company elected the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
which among other things
 allowed the Company to:



    
    
Not
    separate non-lease components from lease components and instead to account for each separate lease component and the non-lease
    components associated with that lease component as a single lease component.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    to apply the recognition requirements in ASC 842 to short-term leases.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    record a right of use asset or right of use liability for leases with an asset or liability balance that would be considered
    immaterial.


Revenue
Recognition

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue
recognition requirements under Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry
Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
 an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the
contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity
satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices
across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures as to
the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&mdash;Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients
the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract modifications at transition
 completed
contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September
2017
 the FASB issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation guidance.


    
    


The
Company adopted this guidance and related amendments as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition
method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
are closely aligned with the Company&rsquo;s current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a
material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In addition
 the adoption of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported
financial statements in any prior period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.

The
Company&rsquo;s sales predominantly are generated from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance
obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs
when the goods are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue.
Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities
 and the
related costs are recorded as selling expenses in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718


It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts
for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more
readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally
the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations.
Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.

When
computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
The
    risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the
    option in effect at the time of the grant.

    
    

    
The
    Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common
    stock in the foreseeable future.

    
    

    
The
    expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of Staff Accounting
    Bulletin (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) 110.

    
    

    
The
    term is the life of the grant.

    
    

    
The
    expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

    
    

    
The
    forfeiture rate is based on the historical forfeiture rate for the Company&rsquo;s unvested stock options
 which was 0%.



    
    




Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements:

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
 financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
also known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo; (SPEs).

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
consolidated financial statements appear at the end of this Annual Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

There
are no reportable events under this item for the year ended January 31
 2020.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Based
on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in report that we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

This
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure
controls. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.



    
    


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2020
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 it had material weaknesses
in its internal control procedures.

As
of period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
ineffective. The Company&rsquo;s assessment identified certain material weaknesses which are set forth below:

Functional
Controls and Segregation of Duties

Because
of the Company&rsquo;s limited resources
 there are limited controls over information processing.

There
is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company&rsquo;s management is composed of a small
number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation
we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently
 it is not feasible to hire additional
staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether
improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.

Accordingly
as the result of identifying the above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis by the Company&rsquo;s internal controls.

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our
small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial
actions upon receiving funding for the Company&rsquo;s business operations.


    
    




    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the registrant; and

    
    

    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is appropriately recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the specified time periods.

Management
has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31
 2020
 based
on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;).

Based
on this assessment
 management concluded that as of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 it had material weaknesses
in its internal control procedures.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report herein.

(c)
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties
consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to us by preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set
forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements.

Management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the material weaknesses pertaining
to insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.

We
intend to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these deficiencies
 including:



    
We
    will revise processes to provide for a greater role of independent board members in the oversight and review until such time
    that we are adequately capitalized to permit hiring additional personnel to address segregation of duties issues
 ineffective
    controls over the revenue cycle and insufficient supervision and review by our corporate management.

    
    

    
We
    will update the documentation of our internal control processes
 including formal risk assessment of our financial reporting
    processes.


We
intend to consider the results of our remediation efforts and related testing as part of our year-end 2019 assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting.

Subsequent
to January 31
 2020
 we intend to continue to undertake the following steps to address the deficiencies stated above:



    
    
Continued
    the development and documentation of internal controls and procedures surrounding the financial reporting process
 primarily
    through the use of account reconciliations
 and supervision.

    
    
    

    
    
Added
    additional accounting staff to further segregate duties and help the Company maintain timely reporting of financial results.


Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table discloses our directors and executive officers as of April 23
 2020.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors

    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
President
    and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
Executive
    Vice President and Director

    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    


Carl
Wolf
as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Mr. Wolf was
the founder
 majority shareholder
 Chairman of the Board
 and CEO of Alpine Lace Brands
 Inc.
 a NASDAQ-listed public company
with over $125 million in wholesale sales. He also founded
 managed
 and sold MCT Dairies
 Inc.
 a $60 million international dairy
component resource company. Other experience in the food industry includes his role as Co-chairman of Saratoga Beverage Company
a publicly traded (formerly NASDAQ: TOGA) bottled water and fresh juice company prior to its successful sale to a private equity
firm. Mr. Wolf served an advisor to Mamma Sez Biscotti
 a snack and bakery product company (which was sold in a later period to
Nonnis
 the largest biscotti company in the United States) from 2002 to 2004. Previously he served as Director and on the Audit
and Development committees of American Home Food Products
 Inc. a publicly-traded marketer Artisanal Brand Cheeses
 from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Wolf also served as Chairman of the Board of Media Bay
 which was a NASDAQ-listed public company which ally traded
direct seller of spoken word through its audio book club and old-time radio classic activities and download spoken content
 from
2002 to 2004.

Mr.
Wolf received his B.A. in 1965 from Rutgers University (Henry Rutgers Scholar) and his M.B.A. in 1966 from the University of Pittsburgh
(with honors).

In
evaluating Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food industry
 as a serial entrepreneur in growing business
his knowledge of publicly traded companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Matthew
Brown
through the present
 he has served as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s. From April 2001 until January of 2012
 he served as the
President of Hors D&rsquo;oeuvres Unlimited
 overseeing the day to day operations of their food manufacturing business. He previously
worked as a marketing associate from September 1993 to December 1998 at Kraft Foods
 Inc.
 where he dealt with numerous aspects
of the company&rsquo;s marketing of their food products.

Mr.
Brown received his B.A. from the University of Michigan in 1991 and his M.B.A. from the University of Illinois in 1993.


    
    


In
evaluating Mr. Brown&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to
our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in sales and marketing
 and his proven track record of success
in such endeavors.

Lawrence
Morgenstein
 2018. He has been previously employed as Controller
for Emerging Power
 Inc. from July 7
 2016 through January 12
 2018. He was also employed by Elaut USA
 Inc. from April 4
 2013
through July 3
 2016. He was controller of Mama Mia Produce from March 2010 to April 2013. Mr. Morgenstein was Corporate Controller
&amp; VP of Finance. Mr. Morgenstein holds a BS in Economics from Rider University in 1972. He further holds an MBA from Rutgers
University GSB in 1976.

Steven
Burns
2010 through the present. Mr. Beginning in June 2011 and still presently
 he serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Meatball Obsession
 LLC. Mr. Burns has over 20 years of experience in the management and operations of various companies. Additionally
beginning in 2006 and still Presently he works as the President and CEO of Point Prospect
 Inc.
 where he oversees the day to
day operations of the company
 which primarily deal with investments and services in real estate
 clean and efficient energy sources
high-quality and healthy food services
 and healthcare technology. Prior to that
 for a period of 24 years he worked at and was
senior executive at Accenture where he led the U.S. Health Insurance Industry Program comprised of approximately 600 professionals.
He also has sat on various financial committees and boards of directors throughout his career.

Mr.
Burns received his B.S. in Business Management from Boston College in 1982.

In
evaluating Mr. Burns&rsquo; specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in serving on board of directors
 his knowledge of running and managing
companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino
Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in March
2001 and still presently
 he serves as the President for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 1995 until February 2001 as
Vice- President of the perishable business unit at Marketing Specialists
 a nationwide food brokerage. Previously
 from February
1987 until August 1995 he worked as a Partner for the perishable division of Food Associates until its merger with Merket Enterprises.

In
evaluating Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment
to our board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his
knowledge of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.

Mr.
D&rsquo;Agostino received his B.S. in Business Management from the City College of New York in 1974.

Thomas
Toto
Toto has served as a director of MamaMancini&rsquo;s from February 2010 through the Present. Beginning in June 2009 and still
presently
 he serves as the Senior Business manager for World Wide Sales Inc.
 a perishable food broker that services the New
York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Prior to this he worked from September 2007 until May 2009 as a Division
President for DCI Cheese Co.
 a company that imported and distributed various kinds of cheeses. Previously from March 1993 until
September 2007 he was the President and owner of Advantage International Foods Corporation
 where he ran the day-to-day operations
of importing and distributing cheeses around the world.

Mr.
Toto received his B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1976 and his M.B.A. from Seton Hall University in 1979.

In
evaluating Mr. Toto&rsquo;s specific experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills in connection with his appointment to our
board
 we took into account his numerous years of experience in the food brokerage and other food related industries
 his knowledge
of running and managing companies
 and his proven track record of success in such endeavors.


    
    


Dean
Janeway
broad leadership skills and extensive experience in the areas of corporate strategy
 business development
 operational oversight
and financial management. From 1966 through 2011
 Mr. Janeway served in various positions at Wakefern Food Corp.
 the largest
retailer- owned cooperative in the United States. From 1966 through 1990
 Mr. Janeway advanced through various positions of increasing
responsibility including positions in Wakefern&rsquo;s accounting
 merchandising
 dairy-deli
 and frozen foods divisions. From
1990 through 1995 Mr. Janeway provided oversight for all of Wakefern&rsquo;s procurement
 marketing
 merchandising
 advertising
and logistics divisions. From 1995 until his retirement in 2011
 Mr. Janeway served as President and Chief Operating Officer of
&ldquo;Wakefern&rdquo; providing primary oversight for the company&rsquo;s financial and treasury functions
 human resources
labor relations
 new business development
 strategic acquisitions
 government relations
 corporate social responsibility
 sustainability
initiatives and member relations. Mr. Janeway previously served as the chairman for the National Grocers Association from 1993
through 2001. From 2009 through the present
 Mr. Janeway has served as the Chairman of the Foundation for the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey.

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Janeway&rsquo;s qualifications to serve as a director include his notable business and
leadership experience in the all areas of management
 particularly in the food industry. He also has experience in the area of
wholesale distribution
 due to his past position at Wakefern and his knowledge of running and managing companies and his proven
track record of success in such endeavors will be invaluable to the Company going forward.

Mr.
Janeway received his B.A. in Marketing from Rutgers University
 and his M.B.A from Wharton School of Business
 University of Pennsylvania.

Family
Relationships

Mr.
Matthew Brown
 our Chief Operating Officer
 is the son-in-law of Mr. Carl Wolf
 our Chief Executive Officer.

Board
Committees and Charters

Our
board of directors has established the following committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating/corporate
governance committee. Copies of each committee&rsquo;s charter are posted on our website
 www.mamamancini&rsquo;s.com. Our board
of directors may from time to time establish other committees.

Audit
Committee

The
purpose of the Audit Committee is to oversee the processes of accounting and financial reporting of the Company and the audits
and financial statements of the Company. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s primary duties and responsibilities are to:



    
    
Monitor
    the integrity of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process and systems of internal controls regarding finance
 accounting
    and legal compliance.

    
    
    

    
    
Monitor
    the independence and performance of the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors and the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel.

    
    
    

    
    
Provide
    an avenue of communication among the independent auditors
 management
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting personnel
 and the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Appoint
    and provide oversight for the independent auditors engaged to perform the audit of the financial statements.

    
    
    

    
    
Discuss
    the scope of the independent auditors&rsquo; examination.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the financial statements and the independent auditors&rsquo; report.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    areas of potential significant financial risk to the Company.




    
    




    
    
Monitor
    compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

    
    
    

    
    
Solicit
    recommendations from the independent auditors regarding internal controls and other matters.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Resolve
    any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting.

    
    
    

    
    
Prepare
    the report required by Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
 as required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
    &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    other related tasks as requested by the Board.


The
Audit Committee has the authority to conduct any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities
 and it has direct
access to the independent auditors as well as anyone in the organization. The Committee has the ability to retain
 at the Company&rsquo;s
expense
 special legal
 accounting
 or other consultants or experts it deems necessary in the performance of its duties.

Our
Audit Committee consists of Mr. Burns and Mr. Toto. Mr. Toto serves as the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr. Burns is our Audit
Committee financial expert as currently defined under applicable SEC rules.

Compensation
Committee

The
Compensation Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which are required under
the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibility to determine compensation of the Chairman of the Board
the Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the President and all other executive officers. The Compensation Committee&rsquo;s
actions shall generally be related to overall considerations
 policies and strategies.

The
following are specific duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee:



    
    
Review
    the competitiveness of the Company&rsquo;s executive compensation programs to ensure (a) the attraction and retention of corporate
    officers
 (b) the motivation of corporate officers to achieve the Company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (c) the alignment
    of the interests of key leadership with the long-term interests of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and determine the annual salary
 bonus
 stock options
 other equity-based incentives
 and other benefits
 direct and indirect
    of the Company&rsquo;s executive officers
 including development of an appropriate balance between short-term pay and long-term
    incentives while focusing on long-term stockholder interests.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    salary increases and bonus grants for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and all other executive officers of
    the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve corporate goals and objectives for purposes of bonuses and long- term incentive plans.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve benefit plans
 including equity incentive plans
 and approval of individual grants and awards.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve employment or other agreements relating to compensation for the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President
    and the other executive officers of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and discuss with management the Company&rsquo;s CD&amp;A and recommend to the Board that the CD&amp;A be included in the annual
    report on Form 10-K and/or proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.




    
    




    
    
If
    required by SEC rules
 provide a Compensation Committee Report on executive compensation to be included in the Company&rsquo;s
    annual proxy statement in accordance with applicable SEC rules.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the Board
 the CEO
 the President and the other executive officers.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    an annual review of non-employee director compensation programs and recommend changes thereto to the Board when appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Plan
    for executive development and succession.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and approve all equity-based compensation plans and amendments thereto
 subject to any stockholder approval under the listing
    standards of NASDAQ.

    
    
    

    
    
Recommend
    an appropriate method by which stockholder concerns about compensation may be communicated by stockholders to the Committee
    and
 as the Committee deems appropriate
 to respond to such stockholder concerns.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned by the Board to the Committee under the terms of any executive compensation
    plan
 incentive compensation plan or equity-based plan.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    risks related to the Company&rsquo;s compensation policies and practices and review and discuss
 at least annually
 the relationship
    between the Company&rsquo;s risk management policies and practices
 corporate strategy and compensation policies and practices.


Our
Compensation Committee consists of Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 and Mr. Janeway. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino serves as the Chairman of our Compensation
Committee.

Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee

The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include
 but are not limited to
 the responsibilities which
are required under the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ
 including the responsibilities to identify individuals who are qualified
to become directors of the Company
 consistent with criteria approved by the Board
 and make recommendations to the Board of nominees
including Stockholder Nominees (nominees whether by appointment or election at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders) to serve as
a directors of the Company. To fulfill its purpose
 the responsibilities and duties of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee
are as follows:



    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;)
 the current composition
 size
    role and functions of the Board and its committees to oversee successfully the business and affairs of the Company in a manner
    consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines
 and make recommendations to the Board for approval.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 director selection criteria consistent with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines and conduct searches for prospective directors whose skills and attributes reflect these criteria.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    in identifying
 interviewing and recruiting candidates for the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO
 nominees
 including nominees nominated by stockholders in accordance
    with the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 and recommend nominees for election to the Board or to fill vacancies on
    the Board.




    
    




    
    
Before
    recommending an incumbent
 replacement or additional director
 review his or her qualifications
 including capability
 availability
    to serve
 conflicts of interest
 and other relevant factors.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and CEO and make recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of
    directors to Board committees and the selection of the Chairman of the Board and the Board committee chairs consistent with
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Determine
    the methods and execution of the annual evaluations of the Board&rsquo;s and each Board committee&rsquo;s effectiveness and
    support the annual performance evaluation process.

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluate
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding director retirements
 director re-nominations and directors&rsquo; changes
    in circumstances in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding policies relating to directors&rsquo; compensation
 consistent with the Company&rsquo;s
    Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
As
    set forth herein
 monitor compliance with
 and at least annually evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding
    the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Governance Guidelines and overall corporate governance of the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
Assist
    the Board and the Company&rsquo;s officers in ensuring compliance with an implementation of the Company&rsquo;s Corporate
    Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Develop
    and implement continuing education programs for all directors
 including orientation and training programs for new directors.

    
    
    

    
    
Annually
    evaluate and make recommendations to the Board regarding the Committee&rsquo;s performance and adequacy of this Charter.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the Code of Ethics periodically and propose changes thereto to the Board
 if appropriate.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    requests from outside the Committee for any waiver or amendment of the Company&rsquo;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
    and recommend to the Board whether a particular waiver should be granted or whether a particular amendment should be adopted.

    
    
    

    
    
Oversee
    Committee membership and qualifications and the performance of members of the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and recommend changes in (i) the structure and operations of Board Committees
 and (ii) Committee reporting to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Make
    recommendations annually to the Board as to the independence of directors under the Corporate Governance Guidelines.

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    and make recommendations to the Board regarding the position the Company should take with respect to any proposals submitted
    by stockholders for approval at any annual or special meeting of stockholders.

    
    
    

    
    
Regularly
    report on Committee activities and recommendations to the Board.

    
    
    

    
    
Perform
    any other activities consistent with this Charter
 the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
 as amended
    from time to time
 the NASDAQ company guide
 and any governing law
 as the Board considers appropriate and delegates to the
    Committee.


Our
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Janeway and Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 with Mr. Janeway serving as the Chairman.


    
    


Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

Effective
January 21
 2014
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
adopted a Code of Ethics (the &ldquo;Code of Ethics&rdquo;) applicable to the Company and all subsidiaries and entities controlled
by the Company and the Company&rsquo;s directors
 officers and employees. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is required of all
Company personnel at all times. The Company&rsquo;s senior management is charged with ensuring that the Code of Ethics and the
Company&rsquo;s corporate policies will govern
 without exception
 all business activities of the Company. The Code of Ethics
addresses
 among other things
 the use and protection of Company assets and information
 avoiding conflicts of interest
 corporate
opportunities and transactions with business associates and document retention.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

Compliance
with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 were timely.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to the named executive officers
paid by us during the years ended January 31
 2020 and January 31
 2019.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
190
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
000

    
    
180
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
180
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
211
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
211
000

    
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
180
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
132
000
    
    
4
058
    
    
    
136
058


    
    
130
000
    
    
28
332
    
    
    
158
332




    
    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.
                                         Morgenstein was appointed as Chief Financial Officer on April 1
 2018. Upon appointment
                                         to this position
 Mr. Morgenstein was granted 30
000 options to purchase common stock.
                                         The options had a grant date fair value of $28
332. On October 1
 2019
 Mr. Morgenstein
                                         was granted an additional 7
500 options to purchase common stock with a grant date fair
                                         value of $4
058.




    
    


2020
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END

STOCK
AWARDS



Name
    (a)
Number
                                         of



Options
(#)



Number
                                         of



Options
(#)



    



Number
of




Options
(#)


    





    




    


or
Units
of
Stock








Number
                                         of












    


Shares

Units
or



Have
Not




    
Value
of

Shares

Units
or



Have
Not





Carl
    Wolf
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Executive Officer(1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Brown
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Burns
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Executive
    Vice President; Director(3)
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thomas
    Toto
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dean
    Janeway
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein(7)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
7
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
000
2
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
500
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Brent
    Smith(8)
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chris
    Styler(8)
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dan
    Mancini (Dougherty)(8)
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
25
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Emma
    Rosario(8)
3
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Eric
    Felice(8)
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
24
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Joe
    Smith(8)
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John
    Kaminsky(8)
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Pete
    de Pasquale(8)
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Priscilla
    Goldman(8)
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Rich
    Franco(8)
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Scott
    Shaffer(8)
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
Mr.
    Wolf was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Brown was appointed as President of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director on January 24
 2013

    
    

    
Mr.
    Morgenstein was appointed Chief Financial Officer on April 1
 2018

    
    

    
Non-Management
    employee

    
    

    
Shares
    vest upon a change of control of the Company



    
    


DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION

Our
executive officers who are members of our board of directors and the directors who are not considered independent under the corporate
governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors.
Accordingly
 Mr. Wolf and Mr. Brown do not receive compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Only those
directors who are considered independent directors under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange receive
compensation from us for their service on our board of directors. Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Janeway are
to be paid $10
000 per annum for their service as members of the board
 payable quarterly in Company common stock.

In
June 2017
 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 25
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an
exercise of $1.05. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and expire 5 years from the date of grant.

In
September 2018
 each of our directors were granted stock options to purchase 25
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
at an exercise of $0.80. All such options vested quarterly over a one-year period and expire 5 years from the date of grant.

There
is no formal arrangement with our board of directors for the granting of options. There is no assurance that the Company will
continue to issue options to the board of directors or on what terms such issuance would occur. In addition
 our Lead Director
Steven Burns was paid $58
000 in cash compensation for the year ended January 31
 2019 for his additional services in that capacity.

We
also reimburse all of our directors for reasonable expenses incurred to attend board of director or committee meetings.

The
following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our directors for the fiscal years ending January 31
 2019
and 2018.



    
    Principal
    
    
    ($)
    
                                         (b)
Stock
    Awards
    ($)
Option
    Awards ($)
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
All
    Other Compensation ($)
    
                                         (b)

    
    
51
600
    
    
17
876
    
    
69
876

    
    
58
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
75
876

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
27
876

    
    
10
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
27
876

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
27
876

    
    
10
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
27
876

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
27
876

    
    
10
000
    
    
17
876
    
    
27
876



    
    




    
Mr.
    Burns was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013. 

    
    

    
Mr.
    D&rsquo;Agostino was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Toto was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.

    
    

    
Mr.
    Janeway was appointed as a director of the Company on January 24
 2013.


Employment
Agreements

Carl
Wolf

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Carl Wolf as Chief Executive Officer for a term
of 3 years. Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless the Company gives
written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated as set forth herein.
Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2020. As compensation for his services
Mr. Wolf receives a base salary of $190
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase. In
addition
 Mr. Wolf is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Wolf is subject
to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Wolf is also entitled to
receive Termination Payments (as defined Section 11.1 of Mr. Wolf&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the event his employment is
terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments (1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.

Matthew
Brown

On
March 5
 2012 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Matthew Brown as President of MamaMancini&rsquo;s
for an initial term of 3 years. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically renews for successive one-year terms
 unless
the Company gives written notice of non-renewal not less than six (6) months prior to an anniversary date or until terminated
as set forth herein. Mr. Brown&rsquo;s employment agreement was renewed for a period of one year on March 5
 2020. As compensation
for his services
 Mr. Brown receives a base salary of $186
000 per year. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible
increase. In addition
 Mr. Brown is eligible to receive an annual bonus as determined by the Board. As part of the agreement
Mr. Brown is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
 and certain covenants not to compete. Mr. Brown
is also entitled to receive Termination Payments (as defined in Section 11.1 of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s Employment Agreement) in the
event his employment is terminated in conjunction with the following:



Reason
    for Termination
    
Payment
    to be Received

    
    
Termination
    Payments (1)

    
    
Termination
    Payments plus 12 months Base Salary

Without
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments plus lesser of 12 months Base Salary or remaining Initial Term of employment

For
    Cause
    
Termination
    Payments minus any yearly bonus


(1)
Termination Payment equals: (i) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination
 (ii) any Bonus for the year in which such
termination occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iii) accrued and unpaid vacation pay for the year in which such termination
occurs prorated as of the date of termination
 (iv) any sums due under any of MamaMancini&rsquo;s benefit plans
 and (v) any unreimbursed
expenses incurred by the Employee on the MamaMancini&rsquo;s behalf.


    
    


Lawrence
Morgenstein

On
April 1
 2018 MamaMancini&rsquo;s entered into an employment agreement with Lawrence Morgenstein as Chief Financial Officer of
MamaMancini&rsquo;s for an initial term of one year. Unless terminated
 Mr. Morgenstein&rsquo;s employment agreement automatically
renews for successive one-year terms. As compensation for his services
 Mr. Morgenstein receives a base salary of $125
000 per
year and is eligible for a year-end bonus of up to $25
000. Such base salary is reviewed yearly with regard to possible increase.
In addition
 Mr. Morgenstein was initially granted an option to acquire 30
000 shares of Company Common Stock
 vesting 7
500 shares
per half year. As part of the agreement
 Mr. Morgenstein is subject to confidentiality provisions regarding MamaMancini&rsquo;s
and certain covenants not to compete.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common
stock as of April 15
 2020 and by the officers and directors
 individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 all
shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Alta Fox Capital Management
 LLC 
1
785
382
    

    
    
    

    
7
426
886
    

    
5
589
181
    

    
15
000
    

    
1
509
643
    

    
994
501
    

    
904
443
    

    
449
336
    

    
16
888
990
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
Beneficial
    ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(a) of the Exchange Act and generally includes voting or investment power
    with respect to securities. In determining beneficial ownership of our Common Stock
 the number of shares shown includes shares
    which the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of debentures
 warrants and options which may be acquired within 60 days.
    In determining the percent of Common Stock owned by a person or entity on April 15
 2020
 (a) the numerator is the number
    of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity
 including shares which the beneficial ownership may acquire
    within 60 days of the conversion of Series A Preferred shares
 exercise of debentures
 warrants and options; and (b) the denominator
    is the sum of (i) the total shares of that class outstanding on January 31
 2020 (31
991
241 shares of Common Stock) and (ii)
    the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of warrants and options. Unless otherwise stated
    each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. The address of each of the holders is 25 Branca Road
    East Rutherford
 NJ 07073.

    
    
    

    
    
Figures
    may not add up due to rounding of percentages.




    
    




    
    
The
    amount includes 6
170
356 shares held jointly with Ms. Marion F. Wolf and 482
455 shares held directly by Mr. Wolf. Ms. Wolf
    is the wife of Mr. Carl Wolf. Mr. Wolf maintains full voting control of such shares. Share total also includes 774
075 shares
    issuable on the exercise of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
5
253
675
    of the shares are held jointly with Ms. Karen Wolf and 228
098 shares are held by Mr. Brown. Ms. Wolf is the wife of Mr. Matthew
    Brown. Mr. Brown maintains full voting control of such shares. Share total includes 107
408 shares issuable on the exercise
    of Warrants.

    
    
    

    
    
Includes
    portion of 22
500 stock options which are currently exercisable.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 130
397 shares held by Steven Burns
 10
000 shares held by Milvia Burns
 Mr. Burns&rsquo; wife and 1
136
839
    shares held by Point Prospect
 Inc.
 a corporation which is wholly-owned by Steven Burns. Share total also includes 107
407
    shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and options to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 126
938 shares directly held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 635
156 shares held by Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino Revocable
    Living Trust 11/6/2009
 of which Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino is the beneficial owner. Share total also includes 107
407 shares
    issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 679
443 held by Thomas Toto and 66
667 held by Thomas and Andrea Toto
 for which Thomas Toto is the beneficial
    owner. Share total also includes 33
333 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 125
000 shares
    of common stock.

    
    
    

    
    
This
    amount includes 201
035 shares held by Dean Janeway and 15
894 owned by Mary Janeway &amp; Dean Janeway Jt. Ten. Share total
    also includes 107
407 shares issuable on the exercise of Warrants and an option to purchase 125
000 shares of common stock.
    

    
    
    

    
    
Includes
    shares held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP. Alta Fox GenPar
 LP serves as general partner of Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
    LP and may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP.&nbsp;&nbsp;Alta Fox
    Equity
 LLC serves as the general partner of Alta Fox GenPar
 LP
 which serves as general partner of Alta Fox Opportunities
    Fund
 LP
 and Alta Fox Equity
 LLC may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities
    Fund
 LP. Alta Fox Capital Management
 LLC acts as an investment adviser to
 and manages investment and trading
    accounts of Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP and may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities held by Alta Fox Opportunities
    Fund
 LP. Mr. Haley is the Manager of Alta Fox Capital Management
 LLC and may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own securities
    held by Alta Fox Opportunities Fund
 LP.




The
Company is authorized to issue an aggregate number of 270
000
000 shares of capital stock
 of which 20
000
000 shares are preferred
stock
 $0.00001 par value per share and 250
000
000 shares are common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share.

Common
Stock

The
Company authorized to issue 250
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. At April 15
 2020
 we have 31
991
241
shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

Each
share of common stock has one (1) vote per share for all purposes. Our common stock does not provide any preemptive
 subscription
or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stockholders are not entitled
to cumulative voting for purposes of electing members to our board of directors.


    
    


Preferred
Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.00001 par value per share. The Company has designated
120
000 shares of preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred stock. As of April 15
 2020
 no shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shares were convertible
 at the option of
the holder
 into shares of Company Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.675 (subject to adjustment) based upon the stated
value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock.



Preferred
Stock
per annum payable quarterly in cash or Company Common Stock at the option of the holder. We have not paid any cash dividends to
the holders of our Common Stock. During the fiscal year ended January 31
 2020
 no dividends were paid on the Company&rsquo;s
Series A Preferred Stock.

Common
Stock. 
if any
 our capital requirements and financial position
 general economic conditions
 and other pertinent conditions. It is our
present intention not to pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future
 but rather to reinvest earnings
if any
 in our business operations.




 2020
 there are outstanding
warrants to purchase 6
056
664 of our common shares. All of the warrants are exercisable for a term of five years with
an exercise price of $1.00 per share (which expire between June 10
 2020 and April 30
 2021)




 2020
 there
outstanding options to purchase 914
000 shares of Company Common Stock. Of this amount
 30
000 options at $1.21 per
share expire on March 31
 2021
 200
000 options at $0.39 per share expire on April 13
 2021
 12
000 options at $0.49 per
share expire on February 1
 2021
 117
000 options at $0.60 per share expire on May 2
 2021
 100
000 options at $1.05
per share expire on June 27
 2022
 90
000 options at $1.38 per share expire on November 5
 2022
 100
000 options at $0.80
expire on September 3
 2023
 250
000 options at $0.52 expire on July 31
 2024
 7
500 options at $0.70 expire on October 1
2024 and 7
500 options at $0.74 expire on March 31
 2024.

M&amp;T
Bank Facility


 January 4
 2019
 the Company
has arranged a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with a two-year expiration.
On January 29
 2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as well as extend the maturity
date to June 30
 2022. The Company also arranged a $2.5 million five-year note with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points
with repayments in equal payments over 60 months. The new financing replaced the Company&rsquo;s then-existing Senior Note from
Manatuck Hill Partners (which was due on May 1
 2019) in the amount of approximately $1.2 million; working capital and term loans
in the amount of approximately $2.8 million payable to EGC and a $250
000 term loan payable to Valley National Bank. Advances
under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable (which is subject to an agreed limitation
and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%) of eligible inventory (which is subject
to an agreed dollar limitation). The new facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&rsquo;s
business assets and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&rsquo;s
Chief executive Officer
 Carl Wolf.

The
effect of the financing as well as an amendment to certain related party financing to notes maturing January 2024 is to reclassify
approximately $3.4 million from short-term liabilities to long-term loans. The Company estimates it initially will be paying a
6.5% per annum interest rate on the new financing
 versus an average of over 12.5% per annum on the prior financing it replaces.

The
Company recorded a one-time charge of $121
500 for termination of its existing loans in the month of January 2019 and will also
amortize origination fees of $89
000 on the new facility.


    
    


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Two
or our directors
 Thomas Toto and Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
 work for World Wide Sales
 Inc. (&ldquo;World Wide Sales&rdquo;)
 a
perishable food broker that services the New York / New Jersey Metropolitan and Philadelphia marketplace. Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
e President of World Wide Sales. Pursuant
to an informal arrangement
 the Company has agreed to pay World Wide Sales the greater of $4
000 or 3% sales commission on net
sales (sales less any promotions
 credits
 allowance
 and short pay) to supermarket chains headquartered in the New York Metropolitan
area per month. To date
 World Wide Sales has never been paid in excess of $4
000 in any month.

Director
Independence

Our
board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Burns
 Mr. D&rsquo;Agostino
 Mr. Toto and Mr. Janeway is an independent director
within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
 and that each of them is also an independent
director under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act for the purpose of audit committee membership. In addition
 our board of directors
has determined that Mr. Burns is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules of the SEC and
the New York Stock Exchange.

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Audit
Fees

Audit
Fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. This category includes fees related to the performance of audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations
and accounts consultations regarding the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. The aggregate Audit Fees billed for the
fiscal years ended January 31
 2020 and January 31
 2019
 were $56
920 and $41
000
 respectively.

Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements
 other than those previously reported in this Item 14
 for the fiscal year
ended January 31
 2020 and January 31
 2019 were $0 and $0
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

Tax
Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accounts for tax compliance
 tax
advice
 and tax planning. These services include preparation for federal and state income tax returns. The aggregate Tax Fees
billed for the years ended January 31
 2020 and January 31
 2019 were $7
500 and $7
500
 respectively.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

Effective
May 6
 2003
 the SEC adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service
 the engagement be:



    
    
approved
    by our audit committee; or

    
    
    

    
    
entered
    into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
 provided the policies and procedures
    are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
 and such policies and procedures
    do not include delegation of the audit committee&rsquo;s responsibilities to management.


Our
Audit Committee pre-approved all services provided by our independent auditors for the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


    
    



PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
    HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 23
 2020
    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
    
Carl
    Wolf

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein

    
    
Lawrence
    Morgenstein

    
Title:
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



Signature
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the 
    

 2020

Carl
    Wolf 
    
Board
    of Directors
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Brown
    
President
    Director 
    

 2020

Matthew
    Brown 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein
    
Chief
    Financial Officer 
    

 2020

Lewis
    Ochs 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steven Burns
    
Director
    
    

 2020

Steven
    Burns 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alfred D&rsquo;Agostino
    
Director
    
    

 2020

Alfred
    D&rsquo;Agostino 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Tom Toto
    
Director
    
    

 2020

Tom
    Toto 
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Dean Janeway
    
    
    

 2020

Dean
    Janeway 
    
    
    
    




    
    


MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S
HOLDINGS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
January
31
 2020



    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the Period from February 1
 2018 through January 31
    2020
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

    
    




    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements


balance sheets of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the related consolidated
statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended January 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position
of the Company as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the two-year period ended January 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether
due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman
 P.A.

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2011.

Somerset
New Jersey

 2020


    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    
January
    31
 2020
January
    31
 2019

    
    
(As
    Revised)

    
    
    

    
    
    

Current
    Assets:
    
    

    
393
683
609
409

Accounts
    receivable
 net
3
727
887
2
650
824

    
1
246
417
1
347
589

Prepaid
    expenses
252
268
155
178

Total
    current assets
5
620
255
4
763
000

    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
 net
2
805
843
2
884
594

    
    
    

Operating
    lease right of use assets
 net
1
490
794
    

    
    
    

    
20
177
20
177

Total
    Assets
9
937
069
7
667
771

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Current
    Liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
3
552
790
3
061
932

Term
    loan
423
799
500
000

Operating
    lease liability
126
516
    

Finance
    leases payable
105
126
53
730

Total
    current liabilities
4
208
231
3
615
662

    
    
    

Term
    loan &ndash; net
    
1
914
401

Line
    of credit &ndash; net
2
997
348
2
612
034

Operating
    lease liability &ndash; net
1
372
349
    

Finance
    leases payable &ndash; net
315
234
162
527

Notes
    payable - related party
641
844
641
844

Total
    long-term liabilities
5
326
775
5
330
806

    
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
9
535
006
8
946
468

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity (Deficit):
    
    

Series A Preferred stock
    $0.00001 par value; 120
000 shares authorized; 23
400 issued as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 0 and 0 shares
    outstanding as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

Preferred
    stock
 $0.00001 par value; 19
880
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    

Common stock
 $0.00001
    par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 31
991
241 and 31
866
241 shares issued and outstanding as of January 31
 2020 and
    2019
    
    

Additional
    paid in capital
16
695
352
16
547
287

Accumulated
    deficit
(16
144
110
(17
676
804

Less:
    Treasury stock
 230
000 shares at cost
 respectively
(149
500
(149
500

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
402
063
(1
278
697

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
9
937
069
7
667
771



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    


MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    

    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
34
837
447
28
474
374

    
    
    

    
23
766
137
18
580
489

    
    
    

    
11
071
310
9
893
885

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
114
626
130
920

    
8
873
260
8
294
450

    
8
987
886
8
425
370

    
    
    

    
2
083
424
1
468
515

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(482
995
(881
702

    
(67
735
(133
314

    
(550
730
(1
015
016

    
    
    

    
1
532
694
453
499

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
532
694
453
499

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
31
949
803
31
843
755

    
34
339
256
32
521
821


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For
the Period from February 1
 2018 through January 31
 2020



    
Series
    A Preferred Stock
Common
    Stock
Treasury
    Stock
Paid
                                         In
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    February 1
 2018
    
    
31
753
437
    
(230
000
(149
500
16
344
794
(18
130
303
(1
934
690

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
162
494
    
162
494

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for the exercise of options
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
40
000
    
40
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for the exercise of warrants
    
    
72
804
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
                                         income (As Revised)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
453
499
453
499

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
                                         January 31
 2019 (As Revised)

    
    
31
866
241
    
(230
000
(149
500
16
547
287
(17
676
804
(1
278
697

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for services
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
71
874
    
71
875

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
76
191
    
76
191

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
532
694

1
532
694


Balance
    January 31
 2020
    
    
31
991
241
    
(230
000
(149
500
16
695
352
(16
144
110
402
063



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements



    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
For
    the Year Ended

    
January
    31
 2020
January
    31
 2019

    
    
(As
    Revised)

CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

    
1
532
694
453
499

Adjustments to reconcile
    net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
    
    

    
640
246
679
005

Amortization of debt
    discount
67
735
133
314

    
93
862
162
494

Amortization of right
    of use assets
109
036
    

Changes in operating
    assets and liabilities:
    
    

    
(1
077
063
433
891

    
101
172
(523
313

    
(42
886
106
802

Accounts payable and
    accrued expenses
490
858
(2
284

Operating
    lease liability
(100
965
    

Net
    Cash Provided by Operating Activities
1
814
689
1
443
408

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Cash
    paid for fixed assets
(268
106
(1
033
724

Net
    Cash Used in Investing Activities
(268
106
(1
033
724

    
    
    

CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Repayment of note payable
    &ndash; related party
    
(7
812

Borrowings from term
    loan
    
2
800
000

    
(2
058
337
(1
058
615

    
    
(2
130
625

Borrowings (repayments)
    of line of credit
 net
385
314
(90
356

Proceeds from capital
    lease
    
213
250

Repayment of capital
    lease obligations
(89
376
(26
993

    
    
(120
446

Proceeds from
    exercise of options
    
40
000

Net
    Cash Used in Financing Activities
(1
762
399
(381
597

    
    
    

Net
    Increase (Decrease) in Cash
(215
726
28
087

    
    
    

Cash
    - Beginning of Period
609
409
581
322

    
    
    

Cash
    - End of Period
393
683
609
409

    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
    
    

Cash Paid During the
    Period for:
    
    

Income
    taxes
    
    

    
548
894
638
029

    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTARY
    DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Operating
    lease liability
1
599
830
    

Finance
    lease asset additions
293
479
30
000

Accrued
    interest on note payable reclassified to principal
    
392
702

Common
    stock issued for services to be rendered
71
875
    



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements


    
    



MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
January
31
 2020

Note
1 - Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation

Nature
of Operations

MamaMancini&rsquo;s
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22
 2009 as a Nevada
corporation. The Company has a year-end of January 31.

The
Company is a manufacturer and distributor of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf
 chicken parmesan
and other similar meats and sauces. In addition
 the Company continues to diversify its product line by introducing new products
such as ready to serve dinners
 single-size Pasta Bowls
 bulk deli
 packaged refrigerated and frozen products. The Company&rsquo;s
customers are located throughout the United States
 with a large concentration in the Northeast and Southeast. The Company announced
in October that it developed Plant Based Meatballs using Beyond Beef as its primary ingredient and signed an agreement with Beyond
Meat. The Company expects to begin selling these products in the current quarter.

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting
period(s). All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and
the fair value of share-based payments.

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management
considered in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
the actual results could differ significantly from our estimates.

Risks
and Uncertainties

The
Company operates in an industry that is subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&rsquo;s operations
are subject to significant risk and uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business
failure.

The
Company has experienced
 and in the future expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected
to contribute to this variability include
 among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic
conditions in the various local markets in which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining to food and beverages in connection with the Company&rsquo;s distribution of the
product. These factors
 among others
 make it difficult to project the Company&rsquo;s operating results on a consistent basis.


    
    





The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The
Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2020 and 2019.

The
Company minimizes its credit risk associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial
institution. The balance at times may exceed federally insured limits.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Accounts
receivable are stated at the amount management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require
collateral to support customer receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the
outstanding accounts receivable
 historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if
receivables are past due based on days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management.
As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had reserves of $2
000.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised
of the following at January 31
 2020 and 2019:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
893
204
556
703

    
37
764
38
769

    
315
449
752
117

    
1
246
417
1
347
589


Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost net of depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the
estimated useful lives.

Asset
lives for financial statement reporting of depreciation are:



    
    

    
    

    
    


(*)
Amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.

Upon
sale or retirement of property and equipment
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and
any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.



In
February 2016
 (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements
to increase transparency and comparability by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&rsquo;s
leasing activities. Subsequent to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter
the collection of lease guidance is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks to achieve this objective by requiring
reporting entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.


    
    



On
February 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;)
asset and liability in the consolidated balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and
warehouse space. Results for the year ended January 31
 2020 are presented under ASC 842
 while prior period amounts were not
adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the legacy accounting guidance under ASC Topic 840
 

As
part of the adoption the Company elected the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
which among other things
 allowed the Company to:



    
    
Not
    separate non-lease components from lease components and instead to account for each separate lease component and the non-lease
    components associated with that lease component as a single lease component.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    to apply the recognition requirements in ASC 842 to short-term leases.

    
    
    

    
    
Not
    record a right of use asset or right of use liability for leases with an asset or liability balance that would be considered
    immaterial.


Refer
to Note 7. Leases for additional disclosures required by ASC 842.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

For
purpose of this disclosure
 the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing parties
 other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s
short-term financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.

Research
and Development

Research
and development is expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 were
$114
626 and $130
920
 respectively.

Shipping
and Handling Costs

The
Company classifies freight billed to customers as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.

Revenue
Recognition

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue
recognition requirements under Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry
Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
 an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the
contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity
satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices
across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
 the guidance requires improved disclosures as to
the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&mdash;Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients
the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
 contract modifications at transition
 completed
contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September
2017
 the FASB issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation guidance.


    
    



The
Company adopted this guidance and related amendments as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition
method. As the underlying principles of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
are closely aligned with the Company&rsquo;s current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a
material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In addition
 the adoption of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported
financial statements in any prior period nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.

The
Company&rsquo;s sales predominantly are generated from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance
obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs
when the goods are shipped to the customer. Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for the goods. The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue.
Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities
 and the
related costs are recorded as selling expenses in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.

The
Company promotes its products with advertising
 consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting
fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive
activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers
at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company
does not receive a distinct service in relation to the advertising
 consumer incentives and trade promotions.

Payment
terms in the Company&rsquo;s invoices are based on the billing schedule established in contracts and purchase orders with customers.
The Company generally recognizes the related trade receivable when the goods are shipped.

Expenses
such as slotting fees
 sales discounts
 and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    

    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
35
455
541
28
904
449


 Discounts
 Allowances
618
094
430
075

    
34
837
447
28
474
374


Disaggregation
of Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    

    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
11
857
813
8
339
738

    
8
523
577
8
134
168

    
5
024
197
6
013
536

    
5
823
215
4
135
590

    
4
226
739
2
281
417

    
35
455
541
28
904
449


Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales represents costs directly related to the production and manufacturing of the Company&rsquo;s products. Costs include
product development
 freight-in
 packaging
 and print production costs.


    
    





Costs
incurred for producing and communicating advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating
advertising expenses for the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 were $1
698
181 and $1
729
448
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718


It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts
for compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718.

The
Company recognizes all forms of share-based payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at
their fair value on the grant date
 which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.

Share-based
payments
 excluding restricted stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more
readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally
the vesting period. If an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed
in the period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
general and administrative expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations.
Share-based payments issued to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction
in additional paid in capital.

For
the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 share-based compensation amounted to $93
862 and $162
494
 respectively
 relating to
shares of common stock and options issued to employees and consultants for services.

For
the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following
variables:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
expected option term is computed using the &ldquo;simplified&rdquo; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99.
The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does
not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

The
expected stock price volatility for the Company&rsquo;s stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share

Earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term
is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available
to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the
period. Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred
stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned)
from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation
of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect
the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options
or warrants.


    
    



The
following table provides a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income (loss)
attributable to common stockholders per common share.




    
    

    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
532
694
453
499

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
532
694
453
499

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
31
949
803
31
843
755

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
397
664
136
400

    
1
991
789
541
666

    
    
    

    
34
339
256
32
521
821

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
098
667


Income
Taxes

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740
.&rdquo;
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

FASB
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January
31
 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No
amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at January 31
 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any
issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is
subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.


    
    



The
Company may be subject to potential examination by federal
 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These
potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
and compliance with federal
 state
 and city tax laws. The Company&rsquo;s management does not expect that the total amount of
unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.

The
Company is no longer subject to tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2017.

Related
Parties

The
Company follows subtopic ASC 850-10 for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.

Pursuant
to Section 850-10-20
 the related parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&ldquo;Affiliate&rdquo; means
 with respect
to any specified person
 any other person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled
by or is under common control with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);
(b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option
under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity;
(c) trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship
of management; (d) principal owners of the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may
deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that
one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can
significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in
one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties
might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02

&rdquo;
sheet for the rights and obligations created by leases with terms greater than twelve months. The new standard is effective for
fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company
adopted this guidance at the beginning of its first quarter of fiscal 2020 and utilized the transition option which does
not require application of the guidance to comparative periods in the year of adoption. The primary effect of adoption of ASU
2016-02 is recording right-of-use assets and corresponding lease obligations for operating leases. The adoption had a material
impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated balance sheets
 but not on the consolidated statements of income or cash flows.

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16


transfers of assets other than inventory until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the
update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.

In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic
480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement
of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception&rdquo;
for certain financial instruments with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments
(or embedded features) that result in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current
accounting guidance creates cost and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible
instruments) with down round features that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part
II of this update addresses the difficulty of navigating Topic 480
 
 because of
the existence of extensive pending content in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of
the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities
and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting
effect. The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.


    
    



In
June 2018
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2018-07

Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 companies will no longer be required to
value non-employee awards differently from employee awards. Companies will value all equity classified awards at their grant-date
under ASC 718 and forgo revaluing the award after the grant date. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15
 2018
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted
 but no
earlier than the Company&rsquo;s adoption date of Topic 606
(as described above
under &ldquo;Revenue Recognition&rdquo;). The adoption of the new standard did not have a significant impact on its consolidated
financial statements.

In
August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement&rdquo;.
in the notes to the financial statements by facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is
most important to users of each entity&rsquo;s financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that
are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments
in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements.

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12

&rdquo;). This guidance eliminates certain exceptions
 tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting
for income taxes. This guidance is effective for annual periods after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those
annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Subsequent
Events

The
Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure.
Any material events that occur between the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed
as subsequent events
 while the financial statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet
date.

Note
3 - Property and Equipment:

Property
and equipment on January 31
 2020 and January 31
 2019 are as follows:



    

 2020

 2019

    
3
176
638
2
662
403

    
89
443
81
099

    
2
933
865
2
894
949

    
6
199
946
5
638
451

    
3
394
103
2
753
857

    
2
805
843
2
884
594



    
    



Depreciation
expense charged to income for the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 amounted to $640
246 and $679
005
 respectively.

Note
4 - Investment in Meatball Obsession
 LLC

During
2011
 the Company acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;) for a total investment of $27
032.
This investment is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly
 investments are recorded at acquisition cost
plus the Company&rsquo;s equity in the undistributed earnings or losses of the entity.

At
December 31
 2011
 the investment was written down to $0 due to losses incurred by MO.

The
Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in MO has decreased due to dilution. At January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s ownership
interest in MO was 12% and 12%
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 MO had wound down and ceased operations. Major accounts
were transitioned to the Company as a part of the wind down.

Note
5 - Related Party Transactions

Meatball
Obsession
 LLC

A
current director of the Company is the chairman of the board and shareholder of Meatball Obsession LLC (&ldquo;MO&rdquo;).

For
the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company generated $53
984 and $106
596 in revenues from MO
 respectively.




 2020 and January 31
 2019
the Company had a receivable of $1
604 and $57
374 due from MO
 respectively.



WWS
Inc.


Alfred
D&rsquo;Agostino and Tom Toto
 two directors of the Company
 are affiliates of



 2020 and 2019
the Company recorded $48
000 and $48
000 in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated sales
 respectively.

Notes
Payable &ndash; Related Party

During
the year ended January 31
 2016
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company.
The notes bear interest at a rate of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until
January 2024. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $109
844.

The
Company received advances from the CEO of the Company which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on January 2024. At January
31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $400
000 of principal outstanding.

The
Company received advances from an entity 100% owned by the CEO of the Company
 which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due
on January 2024. At January 31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $132
000 of principal outstanding
 respectively.

For
the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded interest expense of $44
131 and $45
150
 respectively
 related
to the above related party notes payable. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $2
863 and $48
141 of accrued interest on
the above related party notes
 respectively.


    
    



Note
6 - Loan and Security Agreement

M&amp;T
Bank

Effective
January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into a $2.5 million five-year note with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with
repayments in equal payments over 60 months. The new facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the
Company&rsquo;s business assets and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty
by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded $89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized
over the remaining life of the note using the effective interest method. There was unamortized debt discount of $17
864 and $85
599
as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The outstanding balance on the term loan was $441
663 and $2
500
000 as of January
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Effective
January 4
 2019
 the Company has arranged a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&amp;T Bank at LIBOR plus four
points with a two-year expiration. On January 29
 2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0
million as well as extend the maturity date to June 30
 2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest
in all of the Company&rsquo;s business assets and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and
a limited Guaranty by the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. Advances under the line of credit are limited to
eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable (which is subject to an agreed limitation and is further subject to certain
asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%) of eligible inventory (which is subject to an agreed dollar limitation).
All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity. The outstanding balance on the line of credit was $2
997
348 and
$2
612
034 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Future
maturities of all debt (excluding debt discount discussed above in Notes 5 and 6) are as follows:





    

    
441
663

    
    

    
2
997
348

    
641
844

    
4
080
855


Note
7 - Leases

The
Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset
for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and
liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease
term.

The
Company&rsquo;s leases consist of leaseholds on office space
 manufacturing space and machinery and equipment. The Company utilized
a portfolio approach in determining the discount rate. The portfolio approach takes into consideration the range of the term
the range of the lease payments
 the category of the underlying asset and the Company&rsquo;s estimated incremental borrowing
rate
 which is derived from information available at the lease commencement date
 in determining the present value of lease payments.
The Company also considered its recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics
when calculating the incremental borrowing rates.

The
lease term includes options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. These
operating leases contain renewal options for periods ranging from three to five years that expire at various dates with no residual
value guarantees. Future obligations relating to the exercise of renewal options is included in the measurement if
 based on the
judgment of management
 the renewal option is reasonably certain to be exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is
reasonably certain of exercise include
 but are not limited to
 the value of leasehold improvements
 the value of the renewal
rate compared to market rates
 and the presence of factors that would cause a significant economic penalty to the Company if the
option is not exercised. Management reasonably plans to exercise all options
 and as such
 all renewal options are included in
the measurement of the right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities.

Leases
with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet
 per the election of the practical expedient noted above.


    
    



The
Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recognizes variable
lease payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an
index or a rate are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date
 otherwise variable lease payments are
recognized in the period incurred.

The
components of lease expense were as follows:



    
January 31
 2020

    
    

    
100
703

    
23
130

    
257
763

    
7
653

    
389
249


Supplemental
balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:



    

 2020

    
    

    
1
490
794

    
    


 included in current liabilities
126
516


 included in long-term liabilities
1
372
349

    
1
498
865

    
    

    
    


 at cost
550
269

    
131
266


 net
419
003

    
    


 included in current portion of long-term debt
105
126


 net of current obligations
 included in long-term debt
315
234

    
420
360


Supplemental
cash flow and other information related to leases was as follows:



    
January 31
 2020

    
    

    
100
965

    
92
928

    
    

    
    

    
1
599
830

    
293
479

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    



Total
future minimum payments required under the lease obligations as of January 31
 2020 are as follows:





    

    
353
082

    
364
988

    
340
957

    
268
254

    
243
344

    
886
833

    
2
457
458

    
(538
233

    
1
919
225


Note
9 - Concentrations



During
the year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10%
of gross sales. During the year ended January 31
 2020
 these three customers represented approximately 34%
 16% and 8% of total
gross outstanding receivables
 respectively. During the year ended January 31
 2019
 the company earned revenues from two customers
representing approximately 50% and 10% of gross sales. As of January 31
 2019
 three customers represented approximately 44%
19% and 13% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.

Note
10 - Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit

Common
Stock

On
June 1
 2019
 the Company issued 125
000 shares of its common stock to a consultant for services to be rendered. At the date of
grant
 the shares had a fair value of $71
875 and is included in prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. During the
year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company recorded $17
671 of stock-based compensation related to these shares.

(A)
Options

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s option activity:




    
    
    


 2018
866
000
    


 2018
699
000
    

    
130
000
    

    
(40
000
    

    
(307
000
    


 2019
649
000
    


 2019
521
500
    

    
265
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2020
914
000
    


 2020
779
000
    






    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
914
000
    
    
779
000
    




At
January 31
 2020
 the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $721
446 and $592
519
 respectively.

During
the year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company issued to 265
000 options to the members of the Board of Directors and an employee.
The options have an exercise price range of $0.52 to $0.74 per share
 a term of 5 years
 and 1-year vesting. The options have
an aggregated fair value of approximately $94
374 that was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the
assumptions discussed above in Note 2.

During
the year ended January 31
 2019
 40
000 options were exercised by the option holders. The Company issued 40
000 shares of common
stock as a result of this exercise and received proceeds of $40
000. No options were exercised during the year ended January 31
2020.

For
the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate
of $76
191 and $162
494
 respectively. At January 31
 2020
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $47
211.

(B)
Warrants

The
following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s warrant activity:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018
7
061
399
    


 2018
7
061
399
    

    
    
    

    
(482
734
    

    
(333
334
    


 2019
6
245
331
    


 2019
6
245
331
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(188
667
    


 2020
6
056
664
    


 2020
6
056
664
    




    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
056
664
    
    
6
056
664
    



    
    



At
January 31
 2020
 the total intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $2
967
765 and $2
967
765
 respectively.

During
the year ended January 31
 2020
 no warrants were exercised by the warrant holders.

During
the year ended January 31
 2019
 482
734 warrants were exercised by the warrant holders on a cashless basis. The Company issued
72
804 shares of common stock as a result of this exercise.

Note
11 - Commitments and Contingencies

Litigations
Claims and Assessments

From
time to time
 the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of
business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe
will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.

Licensing
and Royalty Agreements

On
March 1
 2010
 the Company was assigned a Development and License agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;). Under the terms of
the Agreement the Licensor shall develop for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and
other similar meats and sauces for commercial manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &ldquo;Licensor Product&rdquo; and collectively
the &ldquo;Licensor Products&rdquo;). Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee.
Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product by Licensee
 Licensor&rsquo;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for
the preparation and production of such Licensor Products (the &ldquo;Recipes&rdquo;) shall be subject to this Development and
License Agreement.

The
Exclusive Term began on January 1
 2009 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.

The
Royalty Rate shall be: 6% of net sales up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to
$2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.

In
order to continue the Exclusive term
 the Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as
follows:



    
    

    
    

    
50
000

    
 6
75
000

    
100
000

    
125
000


The
Company incurred $463
540 and $413
497 of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019. Royalty expenses are
included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.


    
    




Agreements
with Placement Agents and Finders

The
Company entered into a fourth Financial Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&ldquo;Spartan&rdquo;)
effective April 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Spartan Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company
shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination
of the Agreement. Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable
fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000
or more is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of
$5
000 (as determined by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the
immediately preceding month) on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.

The
Company
 upon closing of the Financing
 shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the Financing and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by
Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year
warrants to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock
(and/or shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable
securities) sold at such closing. The warrants shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the
closing to which they relate at an exercise price equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the
Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
 or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price
thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein
with respect to each such closing.

If
the Company enters into a change of control transaction during the term of the agreement through October 1
 2022
 the Company
shall pay to Spartan a fee equal to 3% of the consideration paid or received by the Company and/or its stockholders in such transaction.

Advisory
Agreement

The
Company entered into an Advisory Agreement with Spartan effective June 1
 2019 (the &ldquo;Advisory Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant
to the agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $5
000 over a 21-month period. Additionally
the Company granted Spartan 125
000 shares of common stock which are considered fully-paid and non-assessable upon execution of
the agreement. During the term or this Agreement
 the Consultant will provide non-exclusive consulting services related to general
corporate matters
 including
 but not limited to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital and potential M&amp;A transactions
(ii) identifying suitable personal for management and Board positions (iii) developing corporate structure and finance strategies
(iv) assisting the Company with strategic introductions
 (v) assisting management with enhancing corporate and shareholder value
and (vi) introducing the Company to potential investors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Advisory Services&rdquo;). The advisory agreement
was terminated according to its terms on March 31
 2020.

Note
12 - Income Tax Provision (Benefit)

The
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(323
546
(159
228

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(352
350
(224
720

    
675
896
383
948

    
    
    



    
    



On
December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Tax Reform Bill&rdquo;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of
the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the
federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
2018
 the lower tax rate of 21% will be used to calculate the amount of any federal income tax due on taxable income earned during
2019.

The
Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers (NOLs) of approximately $9.5 million and $10.8 million at January 31
 2020
and 2019
 respectively
 available to offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation
under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations.
The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit
the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of
$8.8 million and $10.0 million at January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 available to offset future taxable income through 2035.

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future
generation for taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant
uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation
allowance. For the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 the change in the valuation allowance was $675
896 and $383
948
respectively.

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize
 present
 and disclose uncertain
positions that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position
must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to
as &ldquo;unrecognized benefits.&rdquo; A liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of
tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise&rsquo;s potential future obligation
to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740.

If
applicable
 interest costs related to the unrecognized tax benefits are required to be calculated and would be classified as &ldquo;Other
expenses &ndash; Interest&rdquo; in the statement of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of &ldquo;General
and administrative.&rdquo;

No
interest or penalties on unpaid tax were recorded during the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of January
31
 2020 and 2019
 no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The Company does not expect any significant
changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.

The
Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the effects of temporary differences attributable to the following:



    
January 31
 2020
January 31
 2019

    
    
    

    
2
071
751
2
820
660

    
    
    

    
2
071
751
2
820
660

    
(2
177
802
(2
853
698


 net of valuation allowance
(106
051
(33
038

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
106
051
33
038

    
106
051
33
038

    
    
    



    
    



The
expected tax expense (benefit) based on the statutory rate is reconciled with actual tax expense benefit as follows:



    
January 31
 2020
January 31
 2019

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Note
13 &ndash; Revision of Prior Year Financial Statements

The
Company&rsquo;s corrections of the prior year financial statements were a result of the following:



    
    
Management
                                         encountered a billing error with one of its customers which resulted in overstated
                                         revenue
 and


    
    
    

    
    
Management
    incorrectly classified supplies as inventories.


In
accordance with the guidance provided by the SEC&rsquo;s Staff Accounting Bulletin 99
 and Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 108

Statements
 2019 should
be revised to reflect the correction of these errors.

As
a result of the aforementioned correction of accounting errors
 the relevant financial statements have been revised as
follows:

Effects
on respective financial statements are as noted below:




    
January
    31
 2019

    
As
    Previously Reported
    
As
    Revised

Balance
    Sheet
    
    
    

Current
    Assets
    
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
2
698
562
(47
738
2
650
824

    
1
396
400
(48
811
1
347
589

Total
    Current Assets
4
859
549
(96
549
4
763
000

Total
    Assets
7
764
320
(96
549
7
667
771

    
    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    Deficit
    
    
    

Accumulated
                                         deficit

(17
580
255

(96
549

(17
676
804


Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
(1
182
148
(96
549
(1
278
697

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit
7
764
320
(96
549
7
667
771



    
    





    

 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
28
522
112
(47
738
28
474
374

    
18
531
678
48
811
18
580
489

    
9
990
434
(96
549
9
893
885

    
1
565
064
(96
549
1
468
515

    
550
048
(96
549
453
499

    
550
048
(96
549
453
499

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
550
048
(96
549
453
499

    
386
153
47
738
433
891

    
(572
124
48
811
(523
313

    
1
443
408
    
1
443
408





    

    31
 2019

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
550
048
(96
549
453
499

    
(17
580
255
(96
549
(17
676
804

    
(1
182
148
(96
549
(1
278
697


Note
14

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Based on this evaluation
the Company has identified the following reportable subsequent events other than those disclosed elsewhere in these financials.

In
December 2019
 an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan
 China
 and has since spread to a number
of other countries
 including the United States. On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a
pandemic. In addition
 as of the time of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 several states in the United States
 including
New Jersey
 where the Company is headquartered
 have declared states of emergency
 and several countries around the world
including the United States
 have taken steps to restrict travel. While all of the Company&rsquo;s operations are located
in the United States
 it participates in a global supply chain
 and the existence of a worldwide pandemic
 the fear associated
with COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
 and the reactions of governments around the world in response to COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
to regulate the flow of labor and products and impede the travel of personnel
 may impact its ability to conduct normal
business operations
 which could adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s results of operations and liquidity. Disruptions
to the Company&rsquo;s supply chain and business operations
 or to its suppliers&rsquo; or customers&rsquo; supply
chains and business operations
 could include disruptions from the closure of supplier and manufacturer facilities
 interruptions
in the supply of raw materials and components
 personnel absences
 or restrictions on the shipment of its suppliers&rsquo;
or customers&rsquo; products
 any of which could have adverse ripple effects on the Company&rsquo;s manufacturing output
and delivery schedule. If the Company needs to close any of its facilities or a critical number of our employees
become too ill to work
 the production ability could be materially adversely affected in a rapid manner. Similarly
 if the
Company&rsquo;s customers experience adverse business consequences due to COVID-19
 or any other
 pandemic
 demand for its
products could also be materially adversely affected in a rapid manner. Global health concerns
 such as COVID-19
 could also
result in social
 economic
 and labor instability in the countries and localities in which the Company or its suppliers
and customers operate. Any of these uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition
or results of operations. In addition
 a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of the Company&rsquo;s
data centers or its critical business or information technology systems would severely affect the ability to
conduct normal business operations and
 as a result
 the operating results would be adversely affected.



 2020
 the Company was
advised that its principal bank
 M&amp;T
 had approved a $330
000 loan under the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) pursuant to
the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act that was signed into law on March 27
 2020.


small business
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s has qualified for the PPP
 which allows businesses and nonprofits with fewer than 500 employees
to obtain loans of up to $10 million to incent companies to maintain their workers as they manage the business disruptions caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic.


 evidenced by a promissory
note to M&amp;T Bank as lender
 has a term of two years
 is unsecured
 and is guaranteed by the Small Business Administration
(SBA). The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of one percent per annum
 with the first six months of interest and principal deferred.
Some or all of the Loan may be forgiven if at least 75 percent of the Loan proceeds are used by MamaMancini&rsquo;s to cover payroll
costs
 including benefits and if the Company maintains its employment and compensation within certain parameters during the eight-week
period following the loan origination date and complies with other relevant conditions. As written in the CARES Act
 MamaMancini&rsquo;s
expects to utilize these funds to cover payroll costs to allow for continuous
 high-quality operations.

Other
than the above-stated Subsequent Event
 the Company has evaluated the existence of events and transactions subsequent to the balance
sheet date through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued and has determined that there were no significant
subsequent events or transactions that would require recognition or disclosure in the financial statements.



    













     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Carl Wolf
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2020 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 23
 2020
    

    
    

/s/
    Carl Wolf
    

Carl
    Wolf
    

Principal
    Executive Officer
    



    
















     



EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

I
Lawrence Morgenstein
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K for the period ended January 31
 2020 of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    
    

    
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 23
 2020
    

    
    

/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein
    

Lawrence
    Morgenstein
    

Principal
    Financial Officer
    



    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date:
    April 23
 2020
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Carl Wolf

    
Carl
    Wolf

    
Principal
    Executive Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.


    
















     



EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
(18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350)

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of MamaMancini&rsquo;s Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 does hereby
certify
 to such officer&rsquo;s knowledge
 that:

The
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



Date:
    April 23
 2020
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Lawrence Morgenstein

    
Lawrence
    Morgenstein

    
Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and
will be retained by MAMAMANCINI&rsquo;S HOLDINGS
 INC. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request.



    

























        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;













457


919

    
    
    
    




    




    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
&#13;(formerly known as Mascot Properties
 Inc.) was organized on July 22

 turkey meatballs with sauce
 beef meat loaf
 chicken parmesan and other similar meats and sauces.&#13;In addition
 the Company continues to diversify its product line by introducing new products such as ready to serve dinners
 single-size&#13;Pasta Bowls
 bulk deli
 packaged refrigerated and frozen products. The Company&amp;#8217;s customers are located throughout the United&#13;States


 among&#13;others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts

 situation or set of circumstances&#13;that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could&#13;change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly

 and in the future&#13;expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
&#13;among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in&#13;which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining&#13;to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others


&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
&#13;the Company had reserves of $2

 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January&#13;31

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;893
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;556
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;752
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
246
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
347



 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Leases&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability&#13;by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent&#13;to the issuance of Topic 842

 2019
 the Company adopted ASC&#13;842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated&#13;balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse space. Results for the year ended&#13;January 31
 2020 are presented under ASC 842
 while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance&#13;with the legacy accounting guidance under ASC Topic 840

 which among other things

 the fair value&#13;of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties

 2020 and 2019 were $114
626 and $130
920

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance&#13;is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that&#13;reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
&#13;an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance&#13;obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations&#13;in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly&#13;enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
&#13;the guidance requires improved disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May&#13;2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#8212;Narrow-Scope Improvements and&#13;Practical Expedients&lt;/i&gt;. This update clarifies the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
&#13;contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update&#13;affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017

 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles&#13;of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial&#13;statements. In addition

 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at&#13;a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer.&#13;Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods.&#13;The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company&#13;elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities

&#13;consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives&#13;and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction&#13;price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates&#13;principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the&#13;advertising

 sales discounts

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
904
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;618
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;430
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
837
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
474


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Northeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
857
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
339
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
523
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
134
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Midwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
024
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
013
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;West&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
823
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
135
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
226
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
281
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
904

 freight-in
 packaging

 2020 and 2019 were $1
698
181 and $1
729
448


 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted&#13;stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative&#13;expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided

 2020 and 2019
&#13;share-based compensation amounted to $93
862 and $162
494
 respectively

 2020 and 2019
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

 the term is used to refer to either earnings or&#13;loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs&#13;260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)&#13;by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders&#13;shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends&#13;accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that&#13;amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation&#13;of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding&#13;if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from&#13;common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
949
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
843
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;397
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
991
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;541
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
339
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
521
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(a) - Anti-dilutive securities excluded:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
098

 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts&#13;of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered&#13;or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that&#13;included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary

 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination&#13;by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest&#13;and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and&#13;penalties at January 31
 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments

 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning&#13;the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state

 the related&#13;parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&amp;#8220;Affiliate&amp;#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other&#13;person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with&#13;such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments&#13;in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection&#13;of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842)
&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; which will require recognition on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created&#13;by leases with terms greater than twelve months. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those&#13;years beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance at the beginning of its&#13;first quarter of fiscal 2020 and utilized the transition option which does not require application of the guidance to comparative&#13;periods in the year of adoption. The primary effect of adoption of ASU 2016-02 is recording right-of-use assets and corresponding&#13;lease obligations for operating leases. The adoption had a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated balance sheets

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;
 &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception&#13;that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory&#13;until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260)
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for&#13;Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests&#13;with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. Part I of this update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments&#13;with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result&#13;in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost&#13;and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features&#13;that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty&#13;of navigating Topic 480
 &lt;i&gt;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (ASU) No. 2018-07
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment&#13;Accounting&lt;/i&gt;. Under the new standard
 companies will no longer be required to value non-employee awards differently from employee&#13;awards. Companies will value all equity classified awards at their grant-date under ASC 718 and forgo revaluing the award after&#13;the grant date. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim reporting&#13;periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than the Company&amp;#8217;s adoption date of Topic&#13;606

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework&amp;#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value&#13;Measurement&amp;#8221;.&lt;/i&gt; This update is to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial statements by&#13;facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make&#13;disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019

 the FASB issued authoritative&#13;guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 740): &lt;i&gt;Simplifying&#13;the Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). This guidance eliminates certain exceptions to the general approach to the &lt;i&gt;income&lt;/i&gt;&#13;tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective&#13;for annual periods after December 15
 2020

 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted



 2020&#13;and January 31

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
176
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
662
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and Fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;89
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
933
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
894
949&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
199
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
638
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
394
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
753
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
805
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
884

 2020 and 2019 amounted to $640
246 and $679
005



 the Company&#13;acquired a 34.62% interest in Meatball Obsession
 LLC (&amp;#8220;MO&amp;#8221;) for a total investment of $27
032. This investment is&#13;accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly

 2011

 2020 and 2019
 the Company&amp;#8217;s ownership interest in MO was 12%&#13;and 12%
 respectively.&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2019



 2020 and 2019
 the Company generated $53
984 and $106
596 in revenues from MO

 2020 and&#13;January 31
 2019
 the Company had a receivable of $1
604 and $57
374 due from MO


 two directors of the Company
 are affiliates of&amp;#160;WWS

 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded&amp;#160;$48
000&amp;#160;and&amp;#160;$48
000&amp;#160;in commission expense from WWS
 Inc. generated&#13;sales

 2016
 the Company received aggregate proceeds of $125
000 from notes payable with the CEO of the Company. The notes bear interest&#13;at a rate of 4% per annum and matured on December 31
 2016. The notes were subsequently extended until January 2024. As of January&#13;31
 2020 and 2019
 the outstanding principal balance of the notes was $109

 2020 and 2019
 there&#13;was $400

 which bear interest at 8%. The advances are due on January 2024. At January&#13;31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $132
000 of principal outstanding

 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded interest expense of $44
131 and $45
150
 respectively
 related to the above related party&#13;notes payable. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 there was $2
863 and $48
141 of accrued interest on the above related party notes


 January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into a $2.5 million five-year note with M&amp;#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with repayments in equal payments over 60&#13;months. The new facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&amp;#8217;s business assets and is&#13;further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive&#13;Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded $89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using&#13;the effective interest method. There was unamortized debt discount of $17
864 and $85
599 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&#13;The outstanding balance on the term loan was $441
663 and $2
500
000 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019

 January 4
 2019
 the Company has&#13;arranged a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&amp;#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with a two-year expiration.&#13;On January 29
 2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as well as extend the maturity&#13;date to June 30
 2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&amp;#8217;s business assets&#13;and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief&#13;Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. Advances under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable&#13;(which is subject to an agreed limitation and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%)&#13;of eligible inventory (which is subject to an agreed dollar limitation). All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity.&#13;The outstanding balance on the line of credit was $2
997
348 and $2
612
034 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;441
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
997
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;641
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
080


 2020
 the&#13;Company earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 46%
 11% and 10% of gross sales. During the year ended&#13;January 31
 2020
 these three customers represented approximately 34%
 16% and 8% of total gross outstanding receivables
 respectively.&#13;During the year ended January 31
 2019
 the company earned revenues from two customers representing approximately 50% and 10% of&#13;gross sales. As of January 31
 2019
 three customers represented approximately 44%
 19% and 13% of total gross outstanding receivables


 2019
 the Company issued 125
000&#13;shares of its common stock to a consultant for services to be rendered. At the date of grant
 the shares had a fair value of $71
875&#13;and is included in prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended January 31
 2020
 the Company recorded&#13;$17

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;866

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;699




 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;649

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;521


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;914

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;779



 2020
 the total intrinsic value&#13;of options outstanding and exercisable was $721
446 and $592
519

 2020
 the&#13;Company issued to 265
000 options to the members of the Board of Directors and an employee. The options have an exercise price&#13;range of $0.52 to $0.74 per share
 a term of 5 years
 and 1-year vesting. The options have an aggregated fair value of approximately&#13;$94

 2019
 40
000&#13;options were exercised by the option holders. The Company issued 40
000 shares of common stock as a result of this exercise and&#13;received proceeds of $40
000. No options were exercised during the year ended January 31

 2020 and 2019
&#13;the Company recognized share-based compensation related to options of an aggregate of $76
191 and $162
494
 respectively. At January&#13;31
 2020
 unrecognized share-based compensation was $47

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
061

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
061



 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
245

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
245


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
056

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
056

056

056

 2020
 the total intrinsic value&#13;of warrants outstanding and exercisable was $2
967
765 and $2
967
765

 2020

 2019
 482
734&#13;warrants were exercised by the warrant holders on a cashless basis. The Company issued 72



 the Company may become involved&#13;in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
&#13;and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently&#13;not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse&#13;effect on its business

 2010
 the Company was assigned&#13;a Development and License agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop&#13;for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial&#13;manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &amp;#8220;Licensor Product&amp;#8221; and collectively the &amp;#8220;Licensor Products&amp;#8221;).&#13;Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product&#13;by Licensee
 Licensor&amp;#8217;s trade secret recipes


000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement&#13;year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of&#13;$20
000


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;




540 and $413
497&#13;of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31

 LLC (&amp;#8220;Spartan&amp;#8221;) effective April 1
 2015&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Spartan Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a&#13;non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.&#13;Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000&#13;per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall&#13;pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised&#13;in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined&#13;by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month)&#13;on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1

 upon closing of the Financing
&#13;shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing&#13;and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver&#13;to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon&#13;exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants&#13;shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price&#13;equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
&#13;or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more&#13;than one closing

 2022

 2019 (the &amp;#8220;Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company shall pay to&#13;Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $5
000 over a 21-month period. Additionally
 the Company granted Spartan 125
000 shares&#13;of common stock which are considered fully-paid and non-assessable upon execution of the agreement. During the term or this Agreement
&#13;the Consultant will provide non-exclusive consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited&#13;to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital and potential M&amp;#38;A transactions
 (ii) identifying suitable personal&#13;for management and Board positions (iii) developing corporate structure and finance strategies
 (iv) assisting the Company with&#13;strategic introductions
 (v) assisting management with enhancing corporate and shareholder value
 and (vi) introducing the Company&#13;to potential investors (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Advisory Services&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;The advisory agreement was terminated according&#13;to its terms on March 31



 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31



764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;38

449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;752

303

347




 sales discounts

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

455

904
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;618
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;430

837

474


 2020 and 2019
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

532


532


949
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;31
843

664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;136

991
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;541

339
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;32
521

098


 2020&#13;and January 31

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

176

662

443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;81

933
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
894
949&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
199
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
638

394
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
753

805

884


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;866

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;699




 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;649

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;521


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;914

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;779


    
    

 among&#13;others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts

 situation or set of circumstances&#13;that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could&#13;change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly




&#13;historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on&#13;days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
&#13;the Company had reserves of $2


 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January&#13;31

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;893
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;556
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work in Process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;752
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
246
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
347





 the fair value&#13;of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties


 2020 and 2019 were $114
626 and $130
920


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements under Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance&#13;is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that&#13;reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
&#13;an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance&#13;obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations&#13;in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly&#13;enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
&#13;the guidance requires improved disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May&#13;2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#8212;Narrow-Scope Improvements and&#13;Practical Expedients&lt;/i&gt;. This update clarifies the objectives of collectability
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
&#13;contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update&#13;affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017

 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles&#13;of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial&#13;statements. In addition

 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at&#13;a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer.&#13;Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods.&#13;The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company&#13;elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities

&#13;consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives&#13;and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction&#13;price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates&#13;principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the&#13;advertising

 sales discounts

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
904
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;618
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;430
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
837
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
474


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Northeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
857
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
339
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southeast&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
523
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
134
168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Midwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
024
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
013
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;West&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
823
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
135
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Southwest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
226
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
281
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
455
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
904


 freight-in
 packaging


 2020 and 2019 were $1
698
181 and $1
729
448



 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date

 excluding restricted&#13;stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for&#13;services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.&#13;The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If&#13;an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related&#13;to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative&#13;expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided

 2020 and 2019
&#13;share-based compensation amounted to $93
862 and $162
494
 respectively

 2020 and 2019
&#13;when computing fair value of share-based payments

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31


 the term is used to refer to either earnings or&#13;loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs&#13;260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)&#13;by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders&#13;shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends&#13;accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that&#13;amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation&#13;of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding&#13;if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from&#13;common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
532
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
949
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31
843
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dilutive securities (a):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;397
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;136
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
991
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;541
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
339
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
521
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(a) - Anti-dilutive securities excluded:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
098


 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts&#13;of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using&#13;enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered&#13;or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that&#13;included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary

 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination&#13;by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest&#13;and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and&#13;penalties at January 31
 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments

 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning&#13;the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842)
&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; which will require recognition on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created&#13;by leases with terms greater than twelve months. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those&#13;years beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance at the beginning of its&#13;first quarter of fiscal 2020 and utilized the transition option which does not require application of the guidance to comparative&#13;periods in the year of adoption. The primary effect of adoption of ASU 2016-02 is recording right-of-use assets and corresponding&#13;lease obligations for operating leases. The adoption had a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated balance sheets

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory&amp;#8221;
 &lt;/i&gt;which eliminates the exception&#13;that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory&#13;until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11
&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260)
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for&#13;Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests&#13;with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;. Part I of this update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments&#13;with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result&#13;in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost&#13;and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features&#13;that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty&#13;of navigating Topic 480
 &lt;i&gt;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&lt;/i&gt;

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (ASU) No. 2018-07
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment&#13;Accounting&lt;/i&gt;. Under the new standard
 companies will no longer be required to value non-employee awards differently from employee&#13;awards. Companies will value all equity classified awards at their grant-date under ASC 718 and forgo revaluing the award after&#13;the grant date. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim reporting&#13;periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than the Company&amp;#8217;s adoption date of Topic&#13;606

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
&#13;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework&amp;#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value&#13;Measurement&amp;#8221;.&lt;/i&gt; This update is to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to the financial statements by&#13;facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make&#13;disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019

 the FASB issued authoritative&#13;guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 740): &lt;i&gt;Simplifying&#13;the Accounting for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). This guidance eliminates certain exceptions to the general approach to the &lt;i&gt;income&lt;/i&gt;&#13;tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective&#13;for annual periods after December 15
 2020

 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted


 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
061

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;7
061



 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
245

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
245


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
056

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
056





056

056

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the related&#13;parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&amp;#8220;Affiliate&amp;#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other&#13;person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control&#13;with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments&#13;in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection&#13;of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees





    

    

    
    



    

    



    

    
    

 and in the future&#13;expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
&#13;among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in&#13;which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining&#13;to food and beverages in connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others




997


080


    
    

    
    

    
    



    

    
    

    

    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31

857

339

523
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
134

024
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
013

823
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
135

226
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
281

455

904


    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    


 manufacturing space and machinery and equipment. The Company utilized a portfolio approach in determining the&#13;discount rate. The portfolio approach takes into consideration the range of the term
 the range of the lease payments
 the category&#13;of the underlying asset and the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated incremental borrowing rate
 which is derived from information available&#13;at the lease commencement date

 based on the judgment of management
 the renewal&#13;option is reasonably certain to be exercised. Factors in determining whether an option is reasonably certain of exercise include
&#13;but are not limited to
 the value of leasehold improvements
 the value of the renewal rate compared to market rates
 and the presence&#13;of factors that would cause a significant economic penalty to the Company if the option is not exercised. Management reasonably&#13;plans to exercise all options
 and as such



 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation of assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest on lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;257
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term lease&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total net lease cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease ROU assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
490
794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;126
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
372
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
498
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;131
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;419
003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current obligations of finance leases
 included in current portion of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;105
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total finance lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;420

 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating cash flows from operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Financing cash flows from finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
599
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;293


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;353
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;364
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;340
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;268
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;243
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;886
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
457
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: amounts representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(538
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
919


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02&#13;&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Leases&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability&#13;by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&amp;#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent&#13;to the issuance of Topic 842

 2019
 the Company adopted ASC&#13;842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated&#13;balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse space. Results for the year ended&#13;January 31
 2020 are presented under ASC 842
 while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance&#13;with the legacy accounting guidance under ASC Topic 840

 which among other things










490
794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Current operating lease liabilities

516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
372

498



266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Property and equipment

003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Current obligations of finance leases

126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;315






599


    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2015 through October 1

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2022

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(323
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(159
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(352
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(224
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;675
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;383

 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs&#13;Act (the &amp;#8220;Tax Reform Bill&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. Prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform Bill
 the Company measured&#13;its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement&#13;of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018

 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 available to&#13;offset taxable income through 2034. If not used
 these NOLs may be subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382&#13;should there be a greater than 50% ownership change as determined under the regulations. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed&#13;analysis of any historical and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss&#13;carryovers. The Company also has New Jersey State Net Operating Loss carry overs of $8.8 million and $10.0 million at January 31
&#13;2020 and 2019
 respectively

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be&#13;realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for taxable income during the periods&#13;in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled&#13;reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After&#13;consideration of all the information available
 Management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future&#13;realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended January 31
&#13;2020 and 2019
 the change in the valuation allowance was $675
896 and $383
948

 present
 and disclose uncertain positions that the Company&#13;has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized


 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
820
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
820
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
177
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
853
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(106
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(33
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax



 an outbreak of a novel strain&#13;of coronavirus (COVID-19) originated in Wuhan
 China
 and has since spread to a number of other countries
 including the United&#13;States. On March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. In addition
 as of the time of the&#13;filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 several states in the United States
 including New Jersey
 where the Company is headquartered
&#13;have declared states of emergency
 and several countries around the world
 including the United States
 have taken steps to restrict&#13;travel. While all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are located in the United States
 it participates in a global supply chain
&#13;and the existence of a worldwide pandemic
 the fear associated with COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
 and the reactions of governments&#13;around the world in response to COVID-19
 or any
 pandemic
 to regulate the flow of labor and products and impede the travel of&#13;personnel
 may impact its ability to conduct normal business operations
 which could adversely affect the Company&amp;#8217;s results&#13;of operations and liquidity. Disruptions to the Company&amp;#8217;s supply chain and business operations
 or to its suppliers&amp;#8217;&#13;or customers&amp;#8217; supply chains and business operations
 could include disruptions from the closure of supplier and manufacturer&#13;facilities
 interruptions in the supply of raw materials and components
 personnel absences
 or restrictions on the shipment of&#13;its suppliers&amp;#8217; or customers&amp;#8217; products
 any of which could have adverse ripple effects on the Company&amp;#8217;s manufacturing&#13;output and delivery schedule. If the Company needs to close any of its facilities or a critical number of our employees become&#13;too ill to work
 the production ability could be materially adversely affected in a rapid manner. Similarly
 if the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;customers experience adverse business consequences due to COVID-19
 or any other
 pandemic
 demand for its products could also&#13;be materially adversely affected in a rapid manner. Global health concerns
 such as COVID-19
 could also result in social
 economic
&#13;and labor instability in the countries and localities in which the Company or its suppliers and customers operate. Any of these&#13;uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the business
 financial condition or results of operations. In addition
&#13;a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of the Company&amp;#8217;s data centers or its critical business&#13;or information technology systems would severely affect the ability to conduct normal business operations and
 as a result

 2020
 the Company was advised&#13;that its principal bank
 M&amp;#38;T
 had approved a $330
000 loan under the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) pursuant to the Coronavirus&#13;Aid
 Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act that was signed into law on March 27

&#13;MamaMancini&amp;#8217;s has qualified for the PPP

 evidenced by a promissory note to&#13;M&amp;#38;T Bank as lender
 has a term of two years
 is unsecured
 and is guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA). The&#13;loan bears interest at a fixed rate of one percent per annum
 with the first six months of interest and principal deferred. Some&#13;or all of the Loan may be forgiven if at least 75 percent of the Loan proceeds are used by MamaMancini&amp;#8217;s to cover payroll&#13;costs
 including benefits and if the Company maintains its employment and compensation within certain parameters during the eight-week&#13;period following the loan origination date and complies with other relevant conditions. As written in the CARES Act
 MamaMancini&amp;#8217;s&#13;expects to utilize these funds to cover payroll costs to allow for continuous


    
    
    

 the Company measured its deferred tax assets at the federal rate of 34%. The Tax Reform Bill reduced the federal tax rate to 21% resulting in the re-measurement of the deferred tax asset as of January 31
 2018. Beginning January 1
 2018

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




 &lt;i&gt;Materiality&lt;/i&gt; and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108
 &lt;i&gt;Considering the Effects&#13;of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements&lt;/i&gt; the Company determined that&#13;previously issued financial statements for the fiscal year ended January 31


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance Sheet&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
698
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(47
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
650
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
396
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
347
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
859
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
763
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
764
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
667
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
580
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
676
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
182
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
278
697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
764
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
667

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Operations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales &amp;#8211; net of slotting fees and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
522
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(47
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
474
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
531
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
580
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
990
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
893
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
565
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
468
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic and diluted income per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statements of Cash Flows&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;386
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;433
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(572
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(523
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
443
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
443

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated deficit ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
580
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
676
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
182
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
278


 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;January 31
 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Federal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(323
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(159
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;State and Local&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(352
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(224
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;675
896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;383



 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
820
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
071
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
820
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
177
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
853
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(106
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(33
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33



 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(As Revised)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;US Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax


 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance Sheet&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
698
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(47
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
650
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
396
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
347
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Current Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
859
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
763
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
764
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
667
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
580
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
676
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
182
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
278
697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
764
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
667

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Operations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales &amp;#8211; net of slotting fees and discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
522
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(47
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
474
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
531
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
580
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
990
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
893
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
565
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
468
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic and diluted income per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statements of Cash Flows&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;386
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;433
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(572
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(523
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
443
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
443

 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Previously Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;As Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Statement of Stockholders&amp;#8217; Deficit&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;453
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accumulated deficit ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
580
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(17
676
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
182
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96
549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
278

    
    



























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



000




000




000



      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 31
991
241 and 31
866
241 shares issued and outstanding as of January 31



      


      



 230
000 shares at cost



      


      






































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      






      






      





      

      





      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      



 Discounts


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      






      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      







      






      









 net of current obligations



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      



 Outstanding




 Exercisable














 Outstanding



 Exercisable




























      


      


      










      




































 Weighted Average Exercise Price





















      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      


000



000


      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      



 Inc.


      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 shares authorized under stock warrant plans


      

      

      


      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 equity instruments warrant
 aggregate intrinsic value


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      




      




      







      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      








 Plant and Equipment








      


 Plant and Equipment


      








 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding


      


 Non-Option Equity Instruments


      

      

      

      




















 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















082





988





957





254





344





833





457
458





233)





498
865
































































Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due after fifth rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach
 from latest statement of financial position date.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fifth rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest statement of financial position date.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in fourth rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest statement of financial position date.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in third rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest statement of financial position date.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in second rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest statement of financial position date.




























Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease
 due in next rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest statement of financial position date.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















663










997
348





844





080
855



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































000



Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in years)
 Options Outstanding




Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Outstanding






000



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Options Exercisable


















































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2020









are as noted below:



    
    
January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
698
562
    
    
    
(47
738
    
    
    
2
650
824
    

    
    
    
1
396
400
    
    
    
(48
811
    
    
    
1
347
589
    

    
    
    
4
859
549
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
4
763
000
    

    
    
    
7
764
320
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
7
667
771
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(17
580
255
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
(17
676
804
    

    
    
    
(1
182
148
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
(1
278
697
    

    
    
    
7
764
320
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
7
667
771
    




    
    
For the year ended January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
522
112
    
    
    
(47
738
    
    
    
28
474
374
    

    
    
    
18
531
678
    
    
    
48
811
    
    
    
18
580
489
    

    
    
    
9
990
434
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
9
893
885
    

    
    
    
1
565
064
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
1
468
515
    

    
    
    
550
048
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
453
499
    

    
    
    
550
048
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
453
499
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
550
048
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
453
499
    

    
    
    
386
153
    
    
    
47
738
    
    
    
433
891
    

    
    
    
(572
124
    
    
    
48
811
    
    
    
(523
313
    

    
    
    
1
443
408
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
443
408
    




    
    
For the year ended January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
550
048
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
453
499
    

    
    
    
(17
580
255
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
(17
676
804
    

    
    
    
(1
182
148
    
    
    
(96
549
    
    
    
(1
278
697
    





































Tabular disclosure of the nature and effects of a restatement to correct an error in the reported results of operations of prior periods. When prior period adjustments are recorded
 the resulting effects (both gross and net of applicable income tax) on the net income of prior periods are disclosed in the annual report for the year in which the adjustments are made
 and amended filings of previously issued reports are typically issued.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2020











related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US
GAAP&#8221;) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.








all accounts of the entities as of the reporting period ending date(s) and for the reporting period(s). All inter-company balances
and transactions have been eliminated.








in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions impact
 among
others
 the following: allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory obsolescence and the fair value of share-based payments.


significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition
 situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 which management considered in formulating its estimate could
change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly
 the actual results could differ significantly
from our estimates.








subject to intense competition and change in consumer demand. The Company&#8217;s operations are subject to significant risk and
uncertainties including financial and operational risks including the potential risk of business failure.


 and in the future
expects to continue to experience
 variability in sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute to this variability include
among others
 (i) the cyclical nature of the grocery industry
 (ii) general economic conditions in the various local markets in
which the Company competes
 including a potential general downturn in the economy
 and (iii) the volatility of prices pertaining
to food and beverages in connection with the Company&#8217;s distribution of the product. These factors
 among others
 make it
difficult to project the Company&#8217;s operating results on a consistent basis.








purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company held no cash equivalents at January 31
 2020
and 2019.


with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institution. The balance at times may exceed
federally insured limits.





Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts


management expects to collect from outstanding balances. The Company generally does not require collateral to support customer
receivables. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon a review of the outstanding accounts receivable
historical collection information and existing economic conditions. The Company determines if receivables are past due based on
days outstanding
 and amounts are written off when determined to be uncollectible by management. As of January 31
 2020 and 2019
the Company had reserves of $2
000.








or net realizable value using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of the following at January
31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
January 31
 2020
    
    
January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
893
204
    
    
    
556
703
    

    
    
    
37
764
    
    
    
38
769
    

    
    
    
315
449
    
    
    
752
117
    

    
    
    
1
246
417
    
    
    
1
347
589
    










net of depreciation. Depreciation expense is computed using straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives.


of depreciation are:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives
 whichever period is shorter.


the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated
statements of operations.








 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 (Topic 842) which amended guidance for lease arrangements to increase transparency and comparability
by providing additional information to users of financial statements regarding an entity&#8217;s leasing activities. Subsequent
to the issuance of Topic 842
 the FASB clarified the guidance through several ASUs; hereinafter the collection of lease guidance
is referred to as ASC 842. The revised guidance seeks to achieve this objective by requiring reporting entities to recognize lease
assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for substantially all lease arrangements.


 2019
 the Company adopted ASC
842 using the modified retrospective approach and recognized a right of use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) asset and liability in the consolidated
balance sheet in the amount of $1
599
830 related to the operating lease for office and warehouse space. Results for the year ended
January 31
 2020 are presented under ASC 842
 while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance
with the legacy accounting guidance under ASC Topic 840
 


the practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
 which among other things
 allowed the
Company to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



required by ASC 842.








 the fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s short-term financial instruments approximates
fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments.








Research and development expenses for the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 were $114
626 and $130
920
 respectively.








as sales revenue and the related freight costs as general and administrative expenses.








 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the ASC. The core principle of the guidance
is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new guidance
an entity is required to perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (2) identify the performance
obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract
 and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The new guidance will significantly
enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. Additionally
the guidance requires improved disclosures as to the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. In May
2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12

Practical Expedients
 sales and other taxes
 noncash consideration
contract modifications at transition
 completed contracts at transition and technical correction. The amendments in this update
affect the guidance in ASU 2014-09. In September 2017
 the FASB issued additional amendments providing clarification and implementation
guidance.


amendments as of the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 applying the full retrospective transition method. As the underlying principles
of the new standard
 relating to the measurement of revenue and the timing of recognition
 are closely aligned with the Company&#8217;s
current business model and practices
 the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial
statements. In addition
 the adoption of ASC 606 did not impact the previously reported financial statements in any prior period
nor did it result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.


generated from the sale of finished products to customers
 contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at
a single point in time when ownership
 risks and rewards transfer. Typically
 this occurs when the goods are shipped to the customer.
Revenues are recognized in an amount that reflects the net consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for the goods.
The Company reports all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue. Under the new revenue guidance
 the Company
elected to treat shipping and handling activities as fulfillment activities
 and the related costs are recorded as selling expenses
in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.


consumer incentives and trade promotions. These programs include discounts
 slotting fees
 coupons
 rebates
 in-store display incentives
and volume-based incentives. Customer trade promotion and consumer incentive activities are recorded as a reduction to the transaction
price based on amounts estimated as being due to customers and consumers at the end of a period. The Company derives these estimates
principally on historical utilization and redemption rates. The Company does not receive a distinct service in relation to the
advertising
 consumer incentives and trade promotions.


are based on the billing schedule established in contracts and purchase orders with customers. The Company generally recognizes
the related trade receivable when the goods are shipped.


 sales discounts
and allowances are accounted for as a direct reduction of revenues as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2020
    
    
January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
455
541
    
    
    
28
904
449
    

Less: Slotting
 Discounts
 Allowances
    
    
618
094
    
    
    
430
075
    

    
    
    
34
837
447
    
    
    
28
474
374
    


Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts
with Customers.
31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2020
    
    
January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
857
813
    
    
    
8
339
738
    

    
    
    
8
523
577
    
    
    
8
134
168
    

    
    
    
5
024
197
    
    
    
6
013
536
    

    
    
    
5
823
215
    
    
    
4
135
590
    

    
    
    
4
226
739
    
    
    
2
281
417
    

    
    
    
35
455
541
    
    
    
28
904
449
    










to the production and manufacturing of the Company&#8217;s products. Costs include product development
 freight-in
 packaging
and print production costs.








advertising for the Company are charged to operations as incurred. Producing and communicating advertising expenses for the years
ended January 31
 2020 and 2019 were $1
698
181 and $1
729
448
 respectively.








in accordance with ASC Topic 718
(&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;) which establishes
financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based employee compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting
for an employee stock option or similar equity instrument. The Company accounts for compensation cost for stock option plans in
accordance with ASC 718.


payments
 including stock option grants
 warrants and restricted stock grants
 at their fair value on the grant date
 which are
based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest.


 excluding restricted
stock
 are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based payment awards issued to non-employees for
services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment
 which is the more readily determinable value.
The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods
 which is generally the vesting period. If
an award is granted
 but vesting does not occur
 any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the period related
to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in cost of goods sold or selling
 general and administrative
expenses
 depending on the nature of the services provided
 in the consolidated statement of operations. Share-based payments issued
to placement agents are classified as a direct cost of a stock offering and are recorded as a reduction in additional paid in capital.


 2020 and 2019
share-based compensation amounted to $93
862 and $162
494
 respectively
 relating to shares of common stock and options issued
to employees and consultants for services.


 2020 and 2019
when computing fair value of share-based payments
 the Company has considered the following variables:



    
    
January 31
 2020
    
    
January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the &#8220;simplified&#8221; method as permitted under the provisions of ASC 718-10-S99. The Company uses the simplified method
to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise
data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.


Company&#8217;s stock options was estimated using the historical volatilities of the Company&#8217;s common stock. Risk free interest
rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods.








amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or
loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to Section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs
260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16
 basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders
shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends
accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that
amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income. The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation
of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from
common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.


of the numerator and denominator used in computing basic and diluted net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders per
common share.



    
    
    
    

    
    
January 31
 2020
    
    
January 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
532
694
    
    
    
453
499
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
532
694
    
    
    
453
499
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
31
949
803
    
    
    
31
843
755
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
397
664
    
    
    
136
400
    

    
    
    
1
991
789
    
    
    
541
666
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
339
256
    
    
    
32
521
821
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
098
667
    










method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740
.&#8221; Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized.


and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31
 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and
penalties at January 31
 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception.


by federal
 state
 and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning
the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions
 and compliance with federal
 state
 and
city tax laws. The Company&#8217;s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially
change over the next twelve months.


by tax authorities for years prior to 2017.








the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


 the related
parties include: (a) affiliates of the Company (&#8220;Affiliate&#8221; means
 with respect to any specified person
 any other
person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control
with such person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b) entities for which investments
in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection
of Section 825-10-15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c) trusts for the benefit of employees
such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d) principal owners of
the Company; (e) management of the Company; (f) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and (g) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests.








 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02

&#8221;
by leases with terms greater than twelve months. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
years beginning after December 15
 2018
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance at the beginning of its
first quarter of fiscal 2020 and utilized the transition option which does not require application of the guidance to comparative
periods in the year of adoption. The primary effect of adoption of ASU 2016-02 is recording right-of-use assets and corresponding
lease obligations for operating leases. The adoption had a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated balance sheets
but not on the consolidated statements of income or cash flows.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-16

 
that prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income tax effects for intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory
until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for
Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests
with a Scope Exception&#8221;
with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result
in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Current accounting guidance creates cost
and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features
that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this update addresses the difficulty
of navigating Topic 480
 
 because of the existence of extensive pending content in
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements
about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling
interests. The amendments in Part II of this update do not have an accounting effect. The adoption of the new standard did not
have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (ASU) No. 2018-07

Accounting
 companies will no longer be required to value non-employee awards differently from employee
awards. Companies will value all equity classified awards at their grant-date under ASC 718 and forgo revaluing the award after
the grant date. ASU 2018-07 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim reporting
periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than the Company&#8217;s adoption date of Topic
606
(as described above under &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221;). The adoption of
the new standard did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

Measurement&#8221;.
facilitating clear communication of the information required by U.S. GAAP that is most important to users of each entity&#8217;s
financial statements. The amendments in this update apply to all entities that are required
 under existing U.S. GAAP
 to make
disclosures about recurring or nonrecurring fair value measurements. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
this guidance and the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued authoritative
guidance intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes (ASU 2019-12
Simplifying
the Accounting for Income Taxes
tax accounting model and adds new guidance to reduce the complexity in accounting for income taxes. This guidance is effective
for annual periods after December 15
 2020
 including interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating
the potential impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.


issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.









transactions that occur after the balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure. Any material events that occur between
the balance sheet date and the date that the financial statements were issued are disclosed as subsequent events
 while the financial
statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2020












    
    

        
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
703
    

    
    
    
23
130
    

    
    
    
257
763
    

    
    
    
7
653
    

    
    
    
389
249
    








to leases was as follows:



    
    
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
490
794
    

    
    
    
    
    

Current operating lease liabilities
 included in current liabilities
    
    
126
516
    

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
 included in long-term liabilities
    
    
1
372
349
    

    
    
    
1
498
865
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 at cost
    
    
550
269
    

    
    
    
131
266
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
419
003
    

    
    
    
    
    

Current obligations of finance leases
 included in current portion of long-term debt
    
    
105
126
    

Finance leases
 net of current obligations
 included in long-term debt
    
    
315
234
    

    
    
    
420
360
    








related to leases was as follows:



    
    

        
January 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
965
    

    
    
    
92
928
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
599
830
    

    
    
    
293
479
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    








the lease obligations as of January 31
 2020 are as follows:



Twelve Months Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
353
082
    

    
    
    
364
988
    

    
    
    
340
957
    

    
    
    
268
254
    

    
    
    
243
344
    

    
    
    
886
833
    

    
    
    
2
457
458
    

    
    
    
(538
233
    

    
    
    
1
919
225
    




























































































































Tabular disclosure of rental expense from operating leases for each period for which an income statement is presented with separate amounts for minimum rentals
 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals.  Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted (Details) - USD ($)



Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019











532
694


499












532
694


499





949
803


843
755












664


400





991
789


666





339
256


521
821





















098
667























































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) to net income used for calculating diluted earnings per share (EPS)
 resulting from the assumed exercise stock options
 restrictive stock units (RSUs)
 convertible preferred stock of an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 and other dilutive convertible securities.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent
 and includes adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted
 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2020



























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019
Jan. 31
 2016




131


150







863


141





Meatball Obsession
 LLC [Member]










984


596







604


374





WWS
 Inc. [Member]










000


000




















000



Notes
 interest rate per annum














  2016














844


844














Notes
 interest rate per annum










  2024









000


000














Notes
 interest rate per annum










  2024









000


000





























  2024







Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.






















































































Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties.

























































Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.




























Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2020













 January 4
 2019
 the Company entered into a $2.5 million five-year note with M&#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with repayments in equal payments over 60
months. The new facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&#8217;s business assets and is
further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive
Officer
 Carl Wolf. The Company recorded $89
321 as a debt discount and will be amortized over the remaining life of the note using
the effective interest method. There was unamortized debt discount of $17
864 and $85
599 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.
The outstanding balance on the term loan was $441
663 and $2
500
000 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 January 4
 2019
 the Company has
arranged a new $3.5 million working capital line of credit with M&#38;T Bank at LIBOR plus four points with a two-year expiration.
On January 29
 2020
 the facility was amended to increase the total available balance to $4.0 million as well as extend the maturity
date to June 30
 2022. The facility is supported by a first priority security interest in all of the Company&#8217;s business assets
and is further subject to various affirmative and negative financial covenants and a limited Guaranty by the Company&#8217;s Chief
Executive Officer
 Carl Wolf. Advances under the line of credit are limited to eighty percent (80%) of eligible accounts receivable
(which is subject to an agreed limitation and is further subject to certain asset concentration provisions) and fifty percent (50%)
of eligible inventory (which is subject to an agreed dollar limitation). All advances under the line of credit are due upon maturity.
The outstanding balance on the line of credit was $2
997
348 and $2
612
034 as of January 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


discount discussed above in Notes 5 and 6) are as follows:



For the Years Ending January 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
441
663
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
997
348
    

    
    
    
641
844
    

    
    
    
4
080
855
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jan. 31
 2020










Litigations
 Claims and Assessments


 the Company may become involved
in various lawsuits and legal proceedings
 which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm its business. The Company is currently
not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that they believe will have
 individually or in the aggregate
 a material adverse
effect on its business
 financial condition or operating results.




 2010
 the Company was assigned
a Development and License agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;). Under the terms of the Agreement the Licensor shall develop
for the Company a line of beef meatballs with sauce
 turkey meatballs with sauce and other similar meats and sauces for commercial
manufacture
 distribution and sale (each a &#8220;Licensor Product&#8221; and collectively the &#8220;Licensor Products&#8221;).
Licensor shall work with Licensee to develop Licensor Products that are acceptable to Licensee. Upon acceptance of a Licensor Product
by Licensee
 Licensor&#8217;s trade secret recipes
 formulas methods and ingredients for the preparation and production of such
Licensor Products (the &#8220;Recipes&#8221;) shall be subject to this Development and License Agreement.


 2009
(the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) and ends on the 50th anniversary of the Effective Date.


up to $500
000 of net sales for each Agreement year; 4% of Net Sales from $500
000 up to $2
500
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement
year; 2% of Net Sales from $2
500
000 up to $20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year; and 1% of Net Sales in excess of
$20
000
000 of Net Sales for each Agreement year.


 the
Company shall pay a minimum royalty with respect to the preceding Agreement year as follows:



    
    

        
        
        
        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
 6
    
    
75
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    

    
    
    
125
000
    



540 and $413
497
of royalty expenses for the years ended January 31
 2020 and 2019. Royalty expenses are included in general and administrative
expenses on the consolidated statement of operations.




Advisory and Investment Banking Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities
 LLC (&#8220;Spartan&#8221;) effective April 1
 2015
(the &#8220;Spartan Advisory Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the Spartan Advisory Agreement
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a
non-refundable monthly fee of $10
000 through October 1
 2015. The monthly fee shall survive any termination of the Agreement.
Additionally
 (i) if at least $4
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000
per month from November 1
 2015 through October 2017; and (ii) if at least $5
000
000 is raised in the Financing
 the Company shall
pay to Spartan a non-refundable fee of $5
000 per month from November 1
 2017 through October 2019. If $10
000
000 or more is raised
in the Financing
 the Company shall issue to Spartan shares of its common stock having an aggregate value of $5
000 (as determined
by reference to the average volume weighted average trading price for the last five trading days of the immediately preceding month)
on the first day of each month during the period from November 1
 2015 through October 1
 2019.


 upon closing of the Financing
shall pay consideration to Spartan
 in cash
 a fee in an amount equal to 10% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing
and 3% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the Financing for expenses incurred by Spartan. The Company shall grant and deliver
to Spartan at the closing of the Financing
 for nominal consideration
 five-year warrants to purchase a number of shares of the
Company&#8217;s common stock equal to 10% of the number of shares of common stock (and/or shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of securities or upon conversion or exchange of convertible or exchangeable securities) sold at such closing. The warrants
shall be exercisable at any time during the five-year period commencing on the closing to which they relate at an exercise price
equal to the purchase price per share of common stock paid by investors in the Financing or
 in the case of exercisable
 convertible
or exchangeable securities
 the exercise
 conversion or exchange price thereof. If the Financing is consummated by means of more
than one closing
 Spartan shall be entitled to the fees provided herein with respect to each such closing.


transaction during the term of the agreement through October 1
 2022
 the Company shall pay to Spartan a fee equal to 3% of the
consideration paid or received by the Company and/or its stockholders in such transaction.




with Spartan effective June 1
 2019 (the &#8220;Advisory Agreement&#8221;). Pursuant to the agreement
 the Company shall pay to
Spartan a non-refundable monthly fee of $5
000 over a 21-month period. Additionally
 the Company granted Spartan 125
000 shares
of common stock which are considered fully-paid and non-assessable upon execution of the agreement. During the term or this Agreement
the Consultant will provide non-exclusive consulting services related to general corporate matters
 including
 but not limited
to (i) advice and input with respect to raising capital and potential M&#38;A transactions
 (ii) identifying suitable personal
for management and Board positions (iii) developing corporate structure and finance strategies
 (iv) assisting the Company with
strategic introductions
 (v) assisting management with enhancing corporate and shareholder value
 and (vi) introducing the Company
to potential investors (collectively
 the &#8220;Advisory Services&#8221;).&#160;The advisory agreement was terminated according
to its terms on March 31
 2020.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019











683


409



Accounts receivable
 net

727
887


650
824





246
417


347
589





268


178





620
255


763
000



Property and equipment
 net

805
843


884
594



Operating lease right of use assets
 net

490
794







177


177





937
069


667
771












552
790


061
932





799


000





516







126


730





208
231


615
662







914
401





997
348


612
034





372
349







234


527





844


844





326
775


330
806





535
006


946
468
























Common stock
 $0.00001 par value; 250
000
000 shares authorized; 31
991
241 and 31
866
241 shares issued and outstanding as of January 31
 2020 and 2019








695
352


547
287





144
110)


676
804)



Less: Treasury stock
 230
000 shares at cost
 respectively

500)


500)





063


278
697)





937
069


667
771




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of the asset transferred to a third party to serve as a deposit
 which typically serves as security against failure by the transferor to perform under terms of an agreement.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)



























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019











532
694


499












246


005





735


314





862


494





036














077
063)


891





172


313)





886)


802





858


284)





965)







814
689


443
408












106)


033
724)





106)


033
724)














812)







800
000





058
337)


058
615)







130
625)



Borrowings (repayments) of line of credit
 net

314


356)







250





376)


993)







446)







000





762
399)


597)





726)


087





409


322





683


409



















894


029












599
830







479


000







702





875



















































































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.


















































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
















































































































































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019
Jan. 31
 2018




727
887


650
824







246
417


347
589







620
255


763
000







937
069


667
771







144
110)


676
804)







063


278
697)


934
690)





937
069


667
771







837
447


474
374







766
137


580
489







071
310


893
885







083
424


468
515







532
694


499







532
694


499
















077
063)


891







172


313)







814
689


443
408


















698
562









396
400









859
549









764
320









580
255)









182
148)









764
320









522
112









531
678









990
434









565
064









048









048


















153









124)









443
408


















738)









811)









549)









549)









549)









549)









549)









738)









811









549)









549)









549)









549)


















738









811


















Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






















































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 31
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019


Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning balance

245
331


061
399



Warrants Exercisable
 Beginning balance

245
331


061
399



Warrants
 Granted






Warrants
 Exercised



734)



Warrants
 Forfeited/Cancelled

667)


334)



Warrants Outstanding
 Ending balance

056
664


245
331



Warrants Exercisable
 Ending balance

056
664


245
331



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Warrants Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited/Cancelled






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance






Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending balance















































































































































































































































































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.































































begin 644 0001493152-20-006975-xbrl.zip

XLDOOU_O_Q^ZX[8V*GQ($Z<P&5OU%L^#WX4O=?H]_MOZ5?U
MZ



PQ]M[(
MGW%PO[Z).1JH-]9;U9302#<,$O:86-S[]<UE%(Z%C#6!R0TJ)4OZ==8D/#D






7X0P8=#FW7Q6[
[*;&6W*2Q9
M':U
M13MS5*4



0.J8]\6!O1^
J9*-

\.#)YN&&)PP/F?7:B -RL XFT+B@(
MQ8
_

&'QM?/D#'PF][:'


*A96F8TES48E
I7I

M6W#LDJ@Y4 GCSA!D*\&L!'/OO

HQ?
DAO7




M(?.Z7!):Y7RO*J&CB!V/9V:

M*;T



6X[^/AHL-CYLDV@[M*F_94FQ9U?_1!



MRR+0 \]P8SUAS?DQJ2DN;UMXIZ&NZFT]$QNZE A]M#+#5$ED)9'/F%
I+Z\P

??W[U8=O-_LMK&N4DV5TX^].Q/%&_PW
G-&GP=#CM90'8@8K





M&G*UX5MR):E$IEI#EKTS&J;')C)30ZZLS++^:B4RE959SLI\X=X#.R:!R0VX

M*BNS1-&^ZX@-610QCPY##DQPGD_3*!IZ97

5O+\:\=



M1PC\MGNXE0KZ;2T9@]4E[DIP%EWM*F$Y[%5PRN&NX)AVM*ILWZ=MUYJMO8V5
MJ0%LVC7LU)H]%;CMPKQHUQ 
0^HG!Z
BRV_^IABPZ\44)VKID'376(&WG80O

O=7Q#





#B

]5!G_!FWMM+\$FA^R1W'%\2G
AZ5T#SG9[9K



/2:11@


#VF<
M1^)T9RN35B#D92'ME1(]C_SF3OA:5N*OXCA=5E8?8_XNX/ZO;Y(H96^LMROU
M\XS@K;6?]4I1L]5^:1X$)6OAS8YI-DH

H
DECUW'%Z&32_@N7C@^


M
UX\[/7%&3M?G
#E ?]_8@NQ/Q (WK:N O=
S$11\[/=?Z1D.?\J\-CC?[.G

Q__Q








!I#Q$7@ZB+AM_2?S


.R;-4O#_!#

M*;

MJVG\''CFKVLV

DS4)S
.()^RY!4HNB.?]


XOT/:'T/88#6D :M U
3
ZW5%YH]4&BQ#Q8;6[7]W82;]-_WH2%L-N=<_C_
MTCA9F[
1O[


MUOCT3- ;TU4_P'

ML^0TNLUVO[TH/;

M[)J#SO6P=/=%$#_JHL

%M%



8S4XM#&) J]U(6N
MP?.P!D\80J1O


$QK['[#J

'T]@D/?
!\WT

MR'+T)2
:BVP6\Z3R![Q=A1-]X!L
-D^3##=RI3#@\3U
3*H;LI[$&@X;]






SZ\+W@8%@TI 7=$+FRI?!
M&N/PBW

I\9 (NE@WA20-7

A+(#%NSAP!RHX.[]CY 0JC)H;TP(GC
M=#P18DR.NC

M[XU90X='UCTA@\'$$YX;8!;$IU,=0J_

M_YEZ!
Y_9ETE%!-(*TBP0UQ' ;.  1V$L8QQZL[)&1DN&5_VI3X.%?&(0)
$;C+XJKC6E)()C&D/$=

!S#.(2=

/!((\'
M#X*I%
$:H52P6?BG1))!;RB(46#'$Y:0:A)G

M0 6

M8G&


Q11!VG
ME[ZIP+CT=-5:PG2WICFNOD1W+A).)*Q%U8FG#JX'6AS
_K/C2EEC.T(V*E






(PD3M






(.3X]AKCR1]).[P4NO8IZ/P^FZ

7^2.9N=F\@P#2/=R]P%5B7;!#1T6^S

)=J]=N



M





MLAYUVYJVN-K
'HDZ7
2(Z94HEY6$GTL[HI&;A ^DO:Y)A
8:
XDQ3$684'1)

M*PFK%

M35A


MGR4H*E[/4J]D3RDGG$SQ Z&##%@.O&2L

M)K8;80:/QZX?QG3V@ 3I MNP=59[[[+Y?]N*LETBAM+?%8;2I0Z\7!DWM(\V

]A0(E3H'=J8N-PLV8A38V%RCIFL



:C!(]#8@RD+@FEI(/N_)[!FD]-JKT\X9S)


#O .NWM%F)-Y*O-]DF

MW5


ME





ML@7(U122B1 T/7HBILMU&*S-@$0S(TJVR-2@[BK\RVH/


B*HQH%CE LA
MG':5ZU.



M0





M&=#
@%'1(K%O-PH[&O3$@Z0!9ZHG'6O&F
S(@8+TY=&$(10CZ+Y20X08
M\)PI I#_RS2\'A-%6BRJ'##51P9(*@R30_CBT'BBMNYH5X0KI/DBIL40F@).


M;FNWIP5C6'8&.\V6W3E?-&2PLY5C#2-MM-IVH[NHK)9A65A%-K]P[X'ML61V



3UPHGW=[2-WB.Q.@6OKV

2(GNG]WI**_$7V=6WXY;W#&*/



?


A27.RG&$8& +U(

M?4/&%514L^8AS%A%6B

24G&A78RR$#J%$[RF(.ARQ2_!S
M68\

*<623(
M$IR^5
8&\VSYJ('/(OV
M\?



9


08B



$(B/=A@I4;9AH;


MH5)BF%TQT1R1MXQ  ZJ!*(C66R+8+RD6RJ2 81+OA!.5G
F2]9%3N3P316

2;O5A[4<C-BQ*Q+*_KHFY-


MH%EW6*0


(UHES6MFU


;S3;H#!6;3$QXX#



MNS^;)5)9_DU:F2ICI'QS4EG^








EPCPL30.$##X+08FV (8QDM=5C@09(CY$+
R#270!N!



CT+U@D$H.9LB+T\$_

W O HT




?=BUP]C6:#0? (D-G*V!&6ZWA7LNLN%G!




MP%JDY!ZJG8/8^
4O(7TFMC/[(+\78J ]


]!PR
^P8XR5P1(\DYQ98

A.31\F
MKR#P\_!4R+2V6Z0+*D*2=S


M(&W:M#F9)ABV5VMR; :*Q7_  4



ML42O W04)C0N'

M/CH!(KZ


[T0ND*HKW+]+
M-V'((S!@?\'
)@(.70Y$%P%.L?#'OV1 FVR.G -!B)@IO0]7LR7K=9A^A9'
M !2Y5'5Q!63C&
! 


M\W;]])UU!5Z44_M

M5A$OY3_






WJ_



MIL%4#(\'



M=$K'A%1 

])HBI 1=5;=Q6#T.;J#@P;[H!
MNZ/0$97?\7M-FH'%S_5\4M)91M\X])@O4AH]4 9<<\UC)E6/Q7 X


0648++RXJ

M_U;NNAEMJ(*4+PKP(.H$9RG^6;$RED69/8C.
A?UFN:#=RU\739(-O(JSH




\!VU;-
MRH:(^3]?F)




^C+-S.S3.1.2K2W

MD2=.^VF@\J8\WNNR)GX:STMA)WIDOS)S%[PG'DN\40_SX
6U2: 4%#O. $M$


6[
HQ*ER7-(2'
M
MC?=[SBJ+7BBQ_A!W!I\,7_3B+L3+A:'V.+^#L'T/DQ#$]2'4EG\:%M<6*;,F
M:FXV3IR%[\]'=4DK
.$JTU[-J*?VCV[7J]G7Z %FO\K#^BJ+!=KKPHODI'1
MZI
M%$12[/@X[


MT0IL.^5'@$UHGUDYI^




?=]




FVF=U/2A
J&@24XL=]VR $]


Y#





?AWW4T[=J5F[(



M@8=OX

M8EGPG!*U@7






[.!5HM.J5JRZDI2F
MDL/FU@WE_QZ@IRTEU:!5;H[W00']UR'&F=K

K&8'',59_=+1\8I_:2YL;<[X5Y&7_5GRC
KIV9N
M98^U6

M9+=8H@JA^YZ]_1K\F+5KC::A6Y:T9IGQ;1F.UL8
\/)LJJ:J8*J
A72-4_4*
M1^(E-2L)WU9

A/_;;=@HZ3D2
J$L%FW4T%IA\5
MK1


M+$Z













MMC4$IH

IWNPF?'#]YLBZ S6RW


_B=C$B1S-\8GH



M/30*/.2;.*^J_7L!JNL*$E]9W5_1LX$H$QH?$2QBW119XZ=5&9Q_R=%(D




MHIO
*MVBC[A[BIY5HVWF=6X;BX* Z.*4AA@G4\.0WU.5.N.YP#-_7;.E67E$




M$9ZQXB&SA]&K.


MR85WS^


M_-ES%EC&&(U\R9'Y&$$M8D-8.BE:.X89&OE/UI):O,-$=U/1KZWHVL;VX2

MME+


T




M




M:+WF(P?1VM 

M J\1=


)LDR)=S;WBXWZS]O)L[8K)V+

M'/S'
MP_^.LT)_]Q:EV

MLV2*

/_TVO/5!

SX@)M@?/AC%C-KYPZ;_




-WJV.U.Q^ZTJ_R 74Y#LV?WZ^TE3LP.
M*D7@=Q;'[RRU/[

S[]IYPD#LQ8

MY3)842)

&$YT-
M':NL6$9B&WI9<7^[W_0Z$U<LEA'W&Q^5.ZS$P58
OJ:1:HC[EX$WB?NI[#J

(





^P52YM26WIXN$ @C+%
M?&OFF678S=MJ

8&4&#\L
TB40


O#;-BM5


MKRCU5)5NVC]

BYY_8)&*NQ**LK/YSNX\6

I

X;



%O8?S(D^!]XG)UEX_+_5Q(=?WC[7
MVC0;_H@1ABI.@'@@:Q\O.&#+7'U(\0.
&O
M'\QB6MQT70-A**QDY260P7JB0R\GN*

R0N@O L8GYEV:=Y:#GWO#U]&=4K&::^
,*,'G!YY*9CW$JZ
M+):BJVR1QZ33H@./*/Q%\751J<9!-
8





MI]$21


T5%$#XF#
M[7L$@VV]I'JPM?@^06Q&\+MG





DR\O?6


58Y75XA1;O=7JO_JLJL


M.YX33F&/\NC[=E&%7XV7V.B@HA7VT+NM3NXRWHURIX^1W/VNT=+UHL6E]N!V




MD^50F+;KAR$N1

8CB




MH/IVA3M%$3NA JJ.*7 1#/@.Y(]^Y+@6?N5^24'

M*/^FZYU6S^C1SW_#NQ#H]WZ%&
*B8)61









MUT+;&7-B(WYC:^Y$X!FAOJ+4::JS=,],-LEV5/&P,99Q.(PQU9\[1 ML2T
MA[XA:PD!:&$.&?FM
.4Q@DBV%2FT2'1)%X4U*8X=U2*! 7HJ5ZV8OSJ7Z(6
MZUWHQJH6TO(K1ND]&^^^@IOM/U\\C&%GJMTHIU8(/T%SQ^D-A$-#;COQ%DQH
MUF^XUG

MOY3&X*LCV17TJ4T
00A
MQTFZDH-8X6OT$\$B 7@CYT1J2I9E^U0]@I8G7@BDDS@2XHN5D-:*S2CEG&6
M*!ZQX8\3*G+LZ9PJ^B^Q(DJQ?SUB-0


F(6*19Y\254ABST(I4)/8EW8HF
M5$FX9R62R8SF


(I+.E@V\J$L(P$,85&6'NQU/%B4MW+I^RV;
MI80BA]6PP5WTR*HC7W(51=FDD7KHRD]\4.Q$E1H/7LADU6EN6J1]K9H0? Z





LWDU(F[SEI/: R(\/\R.B^U(0-!_
MH2H  (B23[^('
SJ512OS7CA*RV@6CWI.9(* EPQ6;@*L%Q@4\76'?4*=X5B

MD0DLL*MDE'D%-[E]0L]05
S1**A)B';
@.MJ2
1&3E:Y2C0T7SREML5Z:_I&


MPW:G1
YQ$VHD5).C_IF%X2_:@]A@M+2/R9%*7)3QE+J^E8P]?=!J#XL6+VF$
M$W2

M[O0[+;._J]*M(-W=?6TGD/$V!-P!Z_$Q8.*.U9]HV4%&!$\ZT.@RV;;0H7 2
M6
E&CP[1'AA<_\ZDSQG--:U
H





M

MN'MG]/VIR\Q-W&X.-5GX GKT+=]QM0RC!\[@J1[VG@ANM(R!7D%QXT97Q-Y-

M$%7
E:S$.!@A+DF!I1BF





U JJ6C!7/XHJCZ13=U$*I@/%:RC$.<N2Y:U'-,JX&,Q8./E&TG33
MY3-D?C-5T

Y1TXK%T?4#X-E\'SO0FH!$F,.@JS0
M&*7@'X-U6@:85UFM45.NE2T]-@S)I9<)
I%SWRJ:V'9COL25RM


/


D*C+P_1HOD!!BHPDJ@DEU'%H;JMAPMU$
V\)ZG\ =
MM%/SE!*&







]AT/M JC8+Q2=6 \5

E(R9ET9W2ZO!8PT^RTT1 Z1D6[_%5V10
M8DY_\G%'(KL+*!6[:3?R^CA?-_JPTGJW4/3AR:BD:=CM( W[QN%I6+=)64VC





M /


;^-C9OXRJ8YFA5%
M@3-:\!-[5%






M

MBRGU)=I=)SRX&6(C+SQYKQ+[PFV3Z1#.W/)IB_;HR]6RSLO:-6Z=38;FC
M*RQWI,TP#K54I\IRKX




.4_MI/!/O^0C^W



M3]AJ@E
#.WQ$D8L-$ZFFTCG\K!EVK:5Y;UBQE.LMT+ Q=A0VYYXM1UO0-9

M7Z$^7*[S%Z

M
%YFT/-!%RN0CI&0FB1?U7QTA7T52[XHW'P8*$32EI2

@NA
MWSBMHM9$*ZM+[:LOM2@'74X7U^T2W=
 Y+B7!

MOEZ._F+D-CG7[Y#FU'?B0:%L_!UL:M/S


&K/K-H3+


M\RL X2L5VPNY6J+FM2QV2LV0)3B\&




#7C)ISA^^T&QCJGB6MLP5;W


3XC


:'Z3V3B@3ZTKNF8;46ST^DE


C[&


W$J9N
MP;*.+70()?AXWX


MI]-( 8.3Z Y;ZHZT
(FE2.3&&H$QQH.;6 

M4HI%R(U0+L(WAIEL/AL
LV;%;3_IM 1.A8(E=QR6W.P
LPML8N
8! (?)W6J
MF[CBZ%*EW.B
&X8WY#C_[\)C8F^Y8L4S&)H ^LY7[0S
_#G8EDOZ_J+=5X10



2X?&\.FI4:_EX0D?GEA6B-


M#Y/:S

FOUT/ 31#O1$XO3UVCV%/^\9





C
^DOT

MQ.KJ$10;[H! N@/?XMU3J?VL!$VI2^O$ZTF7HPE\
]]F+K]ZMT$8T.:JUQ B
M_&OI 
/Q-E%X&1G5M8HE=^FT


M)-I22CXMNSA
B!=LO?'

M







M'E Z]6)##@=FYU-ROIK=3[^&5SRS[3_
IJQ\FI.W1+]S+2]\_R*WL13:?(]Y

IZ7*6K%):APJ4JX1-O$K%T

M-K



5.UV0GY(WO@%
WS=OFKT#K_7,RN?&3KDX]S_%5_^\Z@+-[/I\R_4


I
M/N_W^KU!NWHIE+9D_WR^
G-1/M?K)T93^'P%L%WXO#?LFEVC?AA+\7E/[W1T

M@


MMV&AKF: S=C2SF1ND=%^]_V!X/GMZNHN_E5_=R[ZRF.G:J;V'P^7FMCR]^#G


MP





1\RL3#)BT3-L9&+5G#$5BP^HG_0IV0+LS:1SPQ]B#!$
XZV0P





M3.^3


M1P'W15Q&Z()JBLDK
J9G
6

H-UU:




@#)G/

M  6% 41K!-%V0DYU)7)C'OCV8AS14H7Q8@%X*:K/K+] YB
PW8F(+(+ER08
M/N?O%GV8:B A? -_ )ZA'0'WDB!W(\P\_S^FF#O5K?ZNX+L@.%L-Q./@,*
MWU@P^\A&T3=,!SSJJ^5K$DZ\LI0Q.K$E@LL!NAI9^R'9$/\MUBID*)GZ+9Q
M$=)MX\A_(NW]E:)8N\1



%\'K7


);[AM48JX


M[.JL#T!P][V
A


M;@:KLQXL



M3K
ME+GNS@I/'64E)EH4=KMG8^8\X4'V5Q8)\
K6C=ZW?; 4..]-TRR(TY\D_-
MOM$?J-5P:P2HNNJ81F\XZ/:
_4-=NF!FI]\W!^7@O?&P+ 3X&/!*6;[3S4Z_
M.U J=JJ#%IPP%U_I1J?7T?N53%@=W^CFL-=1SR&J@JH\7PP&NIX/GCNL@.G8



W(CD(7QD[= S8


XVR9=<W]=6N6O-,]:,T%Y
M./*=+JTT-\H)Q_*=-[A+B]F-






MXV'9'BMRGEB%U!L



MA=8U.^I=6B
QV%TE=+OMMGJOTEPTJ](D.V*8&2M\.UD)$RXI2^N3NCO#05L)





M\T!2'SZ%EP(






%P0
MO


P







6!F\#FH:+6.@MSKZ



$


&IA4^@#L0:P\

?0I(XQ3H$C',$PPY_'%-!G[

!TW!N?EP  X&;!&R@72] 


'QLKC]H_'5K


M($FK_NPO8



M74*HV)$0J0VB&046

M[\%A\U
?D];&DRP0^-_7S$!ZQF9SM)(B@+\.9^((=97(=Q@0;I VE_D:)L

M\@QK;5;2_ # ;


D/+IM$K'S+$BJNHH;.[:%KR1KS/C8!G@LHD%@T*)

QQFBG$.; RS)9N-B:J<JW$YT7G
M=NE(YWC7I=MO]7MYA:U)HI5AD'/@^S#U@^B=LVT<@6US(YNW#&$:RY3K-_J
M=8LJXP

!E:
S!L&7D
M#OHK2]0







W@T4;*=IJRCUV[W]7:WI1N-




@.#1:0Z
Q_0A.ITL'X7*EE)0_PFH7
MW%RQ'V

H=GJ])M_






MI6K(




;[CL6TB*9@/!ZG6LCP

Z@G)*

_Z1(D




M8?2?6=+@5





M6$4:#A^Q@._03;B29




M7S!\L@(\IPD/MPK=V. (.+?/8#RG^-%+X&\+V'O6


MB,9IMY./;)3;ARJH2HI-.$@FQ,FWNB/&H-U.46?]=*DPT*OQ&,U97G16P]K

E*Z5/E6 4I9HY-/IM0WCL)6#8M
:?


8HF





8%*#EP8A%T'




(GC^PYDM9D))_GK7_S/EO6X#IPD8 $55#(S&84!&9.J[]LT
M^Z/S[H/2+#DVC.'[T44;/@/PVXT#_WH1 *
O @;#73L_\*\PIK99#ES:./P6


=LM^-M9S%(XP
O/-EZ#Z)E8X-G\$9H

GCCGMLGYM3



M^@F23R^E_?
W1XL5YC@8+:K24G*FWWT7AL%3LCVX3OJET:])ZV;CTW02%C==

4P*
?/@N&S.SUT&5



M0'M$-)_F



MT=2W
3PKC'B



MTD/RGM9!J

M;3]%SA[8@*^^-]Z:

M&HQA+BN1L8:FT20
-['HZUC#31@V8@VE2R R4]5

M;ODW6W2

M+


M+6_?/8O?M&#0GZ@F7?92N=M5+Y6WSE
%8/EB[OJ#WMHSDYH J]G(8'V&M7NR



GTI

9

M(51\YIU@7Q/P4MJA
76C

M.CVW/


9MDYMQ%
'VU!-S@6+SW81)_\M$)V#CR
M \RX^32;N_Y+K-
WU8?;S+Q%BIN=:+^6]FL*RVVD?;](;;X::;^I+=]7]DR/


_
M&0 \]A\]##_*$8BA5I+*$ST.;I=RF% ;Y.ER8F7]&9F[+R.S0LH
_C:U/('Q
MU2.L^*





M.]9)4.Y+L!YRF!KW'N'][#^S@/^%M0
JCELPMUZ[5P-VK23Z/I_71B+]TMS*
M6=6 72N)9$


MSW6H7CG




O*B&8[EQ


M4&L=#5X#K;9IDV5:];-H-7S=M%JO3[9S$O^]*('B!#(JOAHWYF-%_;Y&B=WV

ML PW?GGM!V([=3,XT+K90%?BSWV7L7FXB)!?%U3U8,M:P9\.?CU@^^%CLUX
M:$[R\F=Z[NOA5L'YY*.$MJ %_G?UF*G/#*_WDRHT8YL8
2P2'XH6Q?Q\JW4

XM5SJ883=;@3
M
2$)




M$[W6IL

__;,W=^2E5::ZTVK=L=



M;F;P.E=N9_1V7;T:E60AW*HEJR@7



\





M[UQ__

MF;S$LXWD'PO\XZL?



MYS^
KWY:1/_7\A:@VC63U^5H+\D=?AO_HTXOHRZL.]D9'^#/;&[KNLQ#HZ

GW/+



ME^.\IXC]_


S?!WNKE


A



6 7 A@$7KV&7P4)_A
!6+H7'%QJ[QDL$$85
MQ\_$(XXUN&RP+C$H

M 0'B4H* %00O_A
C?V%E?Q1+9^9$?*

M72!Y; 84Y7T^S(%!0(13?^&2W 0


MZGK.B626CV9_&D@+A#30A[!H:RH@%K :_.?[Z_R%JH+D!865.##$%9C[
M 9\EP
V[MM:XA-P@X

&+ 3$^#SQDTOM2Q:!$8)P/(77I&8(&(J2Y:Y@[(HX3@<9
M K0VJD)XET-*$^T P-=1.8ZC- B/V(# 




**FF
%K&!S2.D68( *
W0X74;25J4K0/!

Q ;3[(T3B$.7.CM$5/( J!PU2!FUF:P

$IPTIB7BI[1;Z]C-7R]HBY9,S-(/Q
MMF;5 Q..$_ 0)MQIJ;?YBLJ6LGQ@VO&=_9/YN$+!.]+8H#EL<!UH@N@OO



WM%K+LWQHQ&GL3#6PREQI


M6



A4DG2.? 9R-Z)3

]$X4+;/)LP+LFP+Z_YI:/(&0C(H[P$P*R


3$3\&OXXC$W
W$?=
4L$142UW/L;Z



M=$P$##)LX\QF@N!2_T2YLZ?@+_F(L&^OU96

MRMIDH

 UDR')D

?-M1] 4G68H^8L ;[!.2MS

B[($,<B1G][3)_CX3]JPASCN)D'AM/$A9YD_

E2

@3
TW/'H?+)GCUG8-K



M 

MJ5=ZG8B6Y$^ U4/F N-=6DKLNB/+;.T3)INM5]]S'.Y?(M9]
@(00]HCLQ?=


E?.75GI2!L
MGSA;FPR36;/KZ^LS3*_YH-HH:\$?R/S!S3P$PES41 
^CN5M HTGS70S3J#I

MRQ^KA_B=V^XSU^4W(!O_[HZ^MK33;4M-F!;$I=W),K;7L83DB[8)E^]UVQ







B::@J+_#XUNZ$;6)N*
E$T_PY\
M:CE#[U* 8VRWD2^!_=FUG=^.0G\.OJT9(I2L/P]BL[Y('-A!9A_PUXG2N)
62RYJ61#5WM:KZ.50^X_?\HD9'L\5L341![TA'QCE.4









K-
MFTYM'I* X\1=:@09R'90WDWP97K+MEP6;A$\FE_-\%V7ON_YYQZ(!^NKCV
MSUM0'D4S%M!U&%:Z: ;E1:H(W


/T& :XQ@LNE 6
M

[(3@
M9CSKLI); A2-(H\0#0#%&!A5.3[5?!!AD0Y!45/J-#7UF+J-8]Q23P![9]1;

7CT+8B8]L[V\D#8^;B


-I*


MH7;
?NX5[
ZSR7-:&0J@4@?7/L5BVL3L]$FGG7_SJK[28U!/&==YT

M W':JW)L]V%Y^5DN[PR7X(EMO^/@]7;;Q-#W:J(KQ9$:Z81*\:U'NEV0IEXF
M)ZBJ)K]ZUNR#!K;J2_FN+& A:1D&ICSQG-'2#*\+.K:'=I.H:2BOY.$H^58W


MB::QS96SR*EVG6BF3K1VVJS+7@]


MLM [SP&\LQQP4:/KJ/:KXE)V!@
'B





MMJ_Q056L

MF!(IU=:S&2HBG




H6QJDN
=M=



=[!@Y_WBVY

M4_ST


M76^37K9Q9U6PC]M.^

44


E[[=8?ZV
0]4V&G6BQ
O_41'
/_5NPP:%
SUV7#IW<(#!D% 0TRJ





MI
7N:7+?:7AJZBKI=M

MD57S552^2M!'^]
^Q:1D_KTF_])D738F^(C6ZQ$S]9B(8O8J:V?VQ]P9LV.0












M3F*]]VY]V_

M-QH+'&RX5:4X'6+&)ZM;I?83NZ5G
Z U@&32M9R03-V^23K=K.'3PX:YTO.5

M]BK%&C1B]+NDG;I
K**6.97Z
(FI-9@FB9T'A=HQ


O/P1I!4Q^]:S9!PULU9?R75G 0M(R

A_/IW+&P#&F4. F'
M;
:/-;RWJT3O=!H7J'$==R9SW5Z7F&K:('!^WM7!//.;:!K;7#F+G&K7B6;J

SX9HA 9VE6.[H8#5%)8)4C0+8R\Z7
M&%1:;@)QFG:%-JNK'A:T;6_.V\GN/)\-NSW%8&M* .V:CH,#J*FN^DP*+[#
M8&\CENO.P4-N,5A)6;YL+GY'A+A%CR%


MDLU;\FV2CJX336MJOI-O:&J^Z\EY$.=VKTV
]PKN6R\0=-572KD[I=JDIMG_X7A @[E*=
M 5K[I-^'+3



MC91#I?A6
252JJT_LP)[*

(;PVL[@;PS&#-

M!BKNO5O?]OS_4

MK)V!*[.+K/U.Q[\=#8*;L:[J:DMMMW3MA_CMC[OY0T#_FL/O+C'-?TVG#]3_
M
'U]??;Y=\]RKSS@'I!X2WV
DEF/

Y 9


MA_(Q\

M _**/Y]1T!@C!9X63# AX9]\.5U8O12ZTS=2!__RY127:W_&_X6__C]02P
$







MX1KIU2R#/46AIXRY$N=8P4O.E&#9+ 'X9^90K4*@3]Z(-:(:C)




R14U6 V




M((^IE[$*(5;*HW!7
MH+A WNEZO? /ZPN?O$DA_L/.*B.2E[R9W:S06X

M \
OJ=

M&9:;5TN--GIU?:BOKJ O8CDDV=O_$+\_\B;HL1]
2C-4+LYM_E0PEN(JO6X^
M-M -H0*Y\X*_QHB*L&2,Q5X26,J+9#X;8)77Q^UH?4J^A%=*0C&;X!'?SA
MXTW/;LK'4KBQ/(E]9Y4U\99+*M8WLXDU=\ 9-R@XM8;!/?!$G?DM6+EAL7#H
MU(/5*^JGK*(K*B1!%X2(R8AYIU5TJW@8,/N&J,-F.)7.-OX*BFLT2O@4U8!
M(0X_ @FQ[*RP+YQ')ET4P85SQ:@[I;9],Y5,8G;LTC9\P5=:95PL)]50HP/
ME_40(XE0_D N+T]V5B=WS
:U%D(%=WTOJ.ID7/2VOU.CC(ZB# 0Q0BDL2T


MV@M:Z'67BW*;Z


D1:
ME1]NDT@ X*!CA$YT'1E#;P*U-5<4N)Y)UUKB!_ODLT\^Q(&U9;VT;07O?%L

(W(
M+X)+&4ASO$Z@^

1)$0HKZ&6V#I9P*!VKD+1-*I+A]WH!5\M2R


M7-JT[%-9GQ+0*J@B+DL-YW:ZY692[B6*+-6O-8/Q*I3
6#LG$KO4YS:=E:


M@G4E04-O&9ESH

7H
%^_J2V'IO7+_3M63'40U O5IRJ::2W:^]=G3:


8GS=^LW

M2XKI;2(]Y -ZLJ$NF:Y)1%

1G-7TMJ+3*WA0

MOYMT#YD




($O ;]RR1WF4K%^
M/?Y]2VTL $VSQLKV(:3^ *
^KD_IO9;JP\3(]-4





M1-P7SL#*X;\5W&#


_$WDFGI1JL0WS$]@;+KK1

=DV
MZ7'32:PSX@T9^FU%W+37[U[
X)K
L1+*L %\1S.^%XXA_$\(_O\K=Y<T:=#97$K(A-+?Z)%:BL[D)3JI
M5%Y]\,Y^<M%MXHH^\6^X4S?ONUOB;A9&FB;6X_
B1
.R:W4A;4;SD0OE'!0



$^FYV
YHH!9D

%G:#
MR@5


MM##X&.%7D'#7Y9@ZWY*W4Z89W+!MZSR/7)M1Z2JS F*@^1W%SQ(!/\X\S69]
M\






9)%BJJ'4*)\RQNCZC)(K;YW6
MGZEML_6UZ@

KB3U[/Q*YG
)!4K@%KG(GF




KGC

?S\

#$DG J=NMVO5XT(U^H;O1 )J__/5M%8 71(?

:8_ S^#H.$_09?^@$BX RO
MU@&*$?V+=.(3\.7C
02CD0':OZ-PALG3_56!=AG'ZY/#P]?7UX\A?H&OF/P6

M=!C[:SKJZ#


M&% %11&)V^1_^U X/3U^

_9(KRT$$.Q; TP8V_
M?OUZR/\V'UH;^?9


.PV0CF!_

M'%(E)2L4QI-P=A'&?KQA&B


M4'0WOULSKT05HQ6=&JH?ZLZ6




M]C-
XU\8&T:CYM%=^NUMB# .-5*0+J6T6OE\93$G2Z7 7!3=HABX.0/0+CT(







FXU;;_[FK99

^!Z*\3=B!U
MPXZE_-AG^


[8NP9BCZ)7N
M49'BWJV9]8T^K[P6R!F?+.& ?EZBZ)^3U%FIJS=.\-$8]N_YX#TX#1X10]


MU-\@0O
L.FH218C;Z;4/G_V [Z
ZE$2[F8:5PL5\CE@L0


M)!HM(%P?

M88?V&;%I;
T/^Q@O4+#'AZ$Y]18][0;(4?R\@9
02O
BB8SX1X !.:+'\[


EE)G6/EG5F@G?SBDKOPZRH;3*E5




G?4J!;7
M1)V?4D\#F*:


M:66W

PYP!O6DV#;8=3XW5I6#5.;64

M7AMY.*?

MSNFP


M+2* YT! 96^%\;9+4X+GJL2V-





8




_1FB#/AV+_K
:G]\(H!]S\?JII


0J;_V0_8)7UUC+T-P1TO!N_E/





MRAU2^(=6.4KV^S+2?F^/


-F5F*I9J@;8Y/QN*

W'1@LS%@+ZL\6']CD]&^4GW\NC


(ZNNG3VT
M#F9-&ZR+*/97K*SZ%*%Y$ES3(*R.=/ML)




M=FC]T-T
SKIAN55T+5[G6COKKD::I?VU$SNCJY(6=@&RZY-F;-8.ZN37*2WP

B:60A$7;&W;]F]]WSSI[*C9QGVN%6!73E9H'GPUL


M.[0CUJ(?AUFC%_:K['Q6F0K6GQRE%W+Y#=$



M:E&LW!FC_3Q]$!-Y/R7



6
BV4



9E]

M #IKEU!.'#2YE2X  +CU @ 5    ;6UM8BTR
#(P
#$S






4

_/#[5_&/



M\_G\86\YED2W_Z93-UH\\L^

LUXAR


M(X'')]/3/V
^ID[PQ'?]J YJ_=8ZD@:QV5E GFNINE2I/6Q7?(JF.
\F_V*/



M&.LPKJK7(D+
]Q!*C15+M=?[

M66*2Y5H04Q0_S6A

ME$_H'QC1






G;ON7^K
AUN6K:7O=6

MI8^7#[MQ-





M'PIK-M2###EMY[?;J_+9EKL(M+&@6_76KS;X?(








6F)=!!O[\WR=HM%H.3HFF8V
6$21&\'4%
O=


MX2B37O*526KM'%*$<!]@U&^EI<L%APMS$^^U([P48(



J@I+*B


#ZZTNX2IA ()-&ND:.+Q

ML8.
& ZI\+Q$@2BX1KYW'AZC1S]:OU!7X;6JKK!+_







MV.F=EPV[]-=GA&:[ *FGIT8S]G+;6!H-7[\]Y.9#?+9A%VAG5^F5B2-SUII


4=W\PQY
(Q





MOL






 ?CR<@CB<=?&91=6=K

&;XCM#U5-M\0ZHI.FR\



M&W\ZB\:3;PR/&

M











E&^
:^:G=+MX




@LLSF67PQH'!.7



M

M)';Z3=.I87.(C9]#3
6#)#J3K'83]A+:2!(-3V3?#J'D+1GAXZ+1XHZBD*%D
MB.J]7/N^]')MUIR3M.?D&QQ




7CT[%4A:N_WW^R67]%



M08SE*UE;W-B\8K7 7\_9]2+


M







M[8#N2VC;=J8 Y_?ST*48
7Q'(A2




2BDOVMP
MXC;MITW)BXT




3GV*7UQ'9G4_GCP%9


X'9I'B&%/3%)\B4]L


P.S)032@%M+F9'[!-%H[D'[]A%JV.RJHM7TN]
M[
@0:U5::.S\;'[L;/$I4FQMYSRSY!/NSXZ0#WNR)CJ3')H?'VQT59FESS
+=D9'G)4I&P37R^7)SC![] 75.Z*\K$FV
M4.9'.'.QIJYP2Z9IK1)'!;] +!_7/6J' TFC5H+R/'
_#5XEZ1\G9#R4[
M))9D@,___9BPZ(I$?^ H$_LOV0S569?VC[B.10?'6%-S-A !E$ JVM/'DRQF
M(W_@!^*=*M;S&=]
4!N6GZJHO'!)XW/6;\UPY+


IY9:P:7ZL-H<DQ5@O$*Q]G]74!CK66'X38
M6K0S0B?8YZ*,:;(S-#OHFJ%YY:-OZ6 PS!GM[ B J@4[=$H&.;CX?;A'WKQ
M

!-)Z
QQ-M3&XY]++/
M1B+_*@M
-X.O

M&I;:*I6X[71\5>%5^5=D=
M.'JW42];RLP^W9*GO8]['/U'GX1/^R)'W*:Y;_BI[TID[#R(\6P#+'2Y4*
M6;K854%MVU/62





T

 (?4W?=5J^5GN+Z%[!&[_L3''GC@$O+ Q?NWXLJ52W1




M'8NUK8F];1\FK/F;B22V[N2&O9K78Z\;8\M%%=/B?\*R6
75/B8NPQC@3:


Y^Y7-)HN

&E_WJ


);S-7AR9WBJGJ&\@RT



\Y9$!)=DHV/C6TBY5-/0_RN1
M(#,=L;6AH<H$(FWDJ0A$::814K;X1:-6C\:MI4-- M;:)7





^2

9G7/;E8Z&_^]'LF._C

$#'P:Y_\3#@W9=%B[


EI0^V;/E06@HR?D!\(2)#*QK7+D99N7(\1\5Y
?



M+



4+)<B#9]XRU[^?&FQ5-\3,S0XB11A%Q/#D R^@V3P9LW]0S+X
M(1G\D R^U7'0ZPIVC1;N#+O?KRF)<(*_S2E:Y=T12U=C<1O(9@=L[#)_@A
M.@]91&,A[!ERX?=RLRI0#5.)Q[7-FU+@$#MF9] +P@<?'UMRRW.^E/4LE,V


WN';MG=B/U<FM'I51(*M?MV['A
MH$BDDFTFF0TR)65_^@7 1Y+$D\PD<%)])Z:[JRK/ 7\'^.'@X'7P[__S;96@
M%TSR.$O_XZN/WW[XN$TS*(X??Z/KSX_G


M_-UWKZ^OWZ;92_:D=_S;\/,KKB';$-W)3UZ=.G
_3?OK_X_L/W'SY\_.$C





4NCR[]O

M*5NC5%^0;#404%6MV2UWY*GYIMEBU!8N

*Z2J@N

[
\8^WQJ-+M/07TNM:5B6DZ+%
/JW/KOH


C3]]N:_3^E!K-KV4_ 6KS8KJ9^0_.ZJ

9HM%G
1T.IN?T_]ZSDC\#[[RIIDYC2W
M)37W







GJ C\5AAM
_GVW/<!HN5P'1G9TTJ[G=

M@F&2 :!DT9R+HYT\
$KQ*]?4?5+?&1:;(&$K=[J3G$IQYY?E-:%F_(2634
M
@4WI%'+7G$%*8-JO^ WU W1-P%DQ+@36!=.=7[^VMA-1O82:#/DZ]=L*^
MHETSZ0DX;5/U&DGG5SAM:EH3X6WZO9




LJ@4



:7W659P&:1@'R2QZB?.
IX+=I;
Z]+?X_1Y]DRC
M)F6FWCW*
M0IP&)


MSG%4L3A]5GLT:U5G3FR@
P]51V9\X2PF.7MTA,YMLS32^:SDCNO



MFL*L#Q7!=NI3\XSO0.'HCC98G+/55W9#1[.[J!-WMZ]H!KW;453+PN/&:8

U*0%_$W?Q?#FXWZ^_^#J/IY:$I./_3[!:_^F1
M[X, VR'^-2 Q.[A\'Q2Z# JBF,M]817(]I9P7\8[/PS ^ARIQ13FW8+Y.;Z


MO2?C]

RV^0!FZ[&I-CJ
M#Y#;:#ES%/8F-'[#K.*=+

7M?

5Y_H?5[9/,,AUO#S!H(,O?8)!IN=5T-0BDN6SZL#
*8BX=;R:WMG['4:SRD%)
M':^+/GI.H_]-4JARYMDWT,*^#M5H5[ C :68%*DJ*N$INZF<MYWI^S),)$
M,^N6BCEK; W(IKTE,C:7 VLW^JE)*I$)S]05M_4--^]58JZ.S2F![L[)B:7

M3
B$%5HFRZ[\[Z2G75

QIK3OU0%1_A^'=!3Z:8
2@X(Q(5L ;$FFE81#(
M!J+PEFZMPSG3T@*V=3+_K8I\T?D5QFYQ:]5NM4X?;XC64K_&&+35L+ ,MP^
M9CCO.[CA@




MM _/HX L\T(]41!L

L8:+N\)!*VNFQ(3WD
MSH$AN:AW$MGA$S:[&FG$Q0_YY.LD;-)&W I9CTQ21]120:@LTF^8]CDT\6K6
M7; -ESC\G4X;\P3K-(_/9-@I5[/,JHX6]&R!-^L:1GDO1-F ,@^;VHMM%-#
ME=[4%+K(P@T?:M/HDF


ULMYNH- 1W(^B$!F8QW

DSNAX

.(\J:P%WK



\$HF[Q'



MKI!COR(!V'



EW/ZVH2 (
M@DHF=
KMPVJ3H-I%YH :,-?^[(B34O2#V4$J'+-&( Z=+'9B(+WU$Z&%4.

/C8M!.9M?P[JAL_IK^D=C

X]Z(X$

M


E3IE4I V24TQ+ 1\NKF]Q#6UN&.-K8!M(

5)7
0\E3(_G[$L7W5@8VFQ-:PIVZN[9





_!E'$)S#IP



Y^]Q$A0XN@L(BP-U+-3=<F_(<:T26BC!X:) \#VZ<A56RPDI3K]%P)E

M:%EQ XT++/5)7#[:7#Y6SD)!G(9J;F@UG-ZK
T/OW*93BX
9O\P8A7WHG0;?


3_






MMT%P#8LF)[NI

MBG?98=_U..AFQ
 PSTK3TY;%D #/0@T

5UPN
YQJ!.J^&)=#;A

MF]H][S&X&##D'8]=.+\;)#@_33'/ZYLG6
M*NN5
49'QFW
)H'7#=): F#8)$
EAF%YP0]$YHPP
-CP\GR_(YD^7)M(Z$

MG(@)H3JK0)UA$









/YY1L=\S

9FQ_*4L2


Q
2(]/
?

U5?Q4J8!;];9/S[+Q#:M*F-.\LMS?9R'=S4;9


M\^TVJRMM?N^QV1+%\AY;Q1)85Y!V_B=_S!393.L9#([.LQ5;&^%+=;Q_S-=\



PCA73NA'
ME.

X7@9$@A8+K6.2ZV]9M3A=+C'ERW;1*]J#IG@Y





X/O

$YP)PIZS [#_VD^Y6W[]\5
MI=SK/=!WP/2R8T3'V5M/H6*#)'Z8RC=':&E_\[^%K(!:%U]$3UM6TD[@N9S



0I8


M;]]+]^[F4/WO?G[W*
()-6YE.


M'
K36ZHH2:/@-$HU N]$I4II

M7]?E?


M0K7CH\

)OU.N%)#X.DSI-XG2XRLN(FF7)8VFH[S1(SS*1.VA@[53 3_F%X




11:K
*G4X
$_9.=WJF.X]#A.*(E[$
M.'K




M%


M+DL'N%C$24RG4/E#N

)SB4);*W


$#7.\5& NZ3CI7 IU%U&:@I!(;SXJ?



MFP;H.SWB

M

Z\P8%4E6J ID/RFQ




MI97Y

D^2[)4G





MV7


Z%S

!9+/6=GS7;(A)O4MF-JI@2#@
MK_2.[^E9D&-VI6Q7$@QF7@8DI=TDO\/D81D0;
=(HY;3_ 5V)G02&NA5P##/




MZBP[#] 6\4R_,WTBYA=4[^G!?#+ZM=IM;$SJ(-,^5T/G6CZ:I1TM.D^JTS
M3FZIKL/6'^?[3-7G$?O^2;GMA)KO=X^BT[\2C!I



7[\[S CY8[7K@PP%!X)




M[5.'#HO*^.U3G



2@
M+KCW5X^GBQ[*5'
T=S;*A5?YQP;#)VT7H6FFV#I-A6D\4A:X16!7CH-@,,DW0 VUH





YF=V0KE[)JA_)VCVI567M4'7+864X35P[


M?7^G!F;
L\?:YV(GJQ5NDF#C)@GVIDRG4R8!)LG'.49?'OF;\Z.\HM0FK.

LN!WD*:[
_R#3-D=


MZKI/YDIYLJD4MN
:LI1@F*P^ZEIAH@\Z[ZR35IS02R?Y&JSN.:6)PO/-E0R=









Z[:^3=/EEE@*W(HM$5!D
T$T+1+[;27I!2 ZU+%1B\NAC *86L

M&1D#_2$%.!T0!QO6/25EJPV&K(
J16P^TS)D;HW:<UE.)@7(<9H[C7

&CH-FK)+GC
F&;[V7)7@:IMC+


MS?EQ2SWOY!D!5EQ++K41O^:&@EJ_F_/

UU4-!5IJ^





M:CA-KFJ&WDFOJA;WSBY[C


V(3#1GZVW VMPY.A^_MDBO'362#=5++(]

MD:S^$!6I+!HL]PV5
;HW*


!0S@:E?
R4


MGD=URWAX


.8 3J9B:9]M)I71

M//!
5^9

S$=5\+)/S^PW'Q

1_B0LL^
M

M4_S

M]P@8L'R#%]MU/H)?$@7D#L:$1_R_?L5YT:Q
:^?*!_L$J

MRQW6*/UX^U*JL(&6Z@#J5GOX'58-+ %)60]704PF78Y2?^Z8QDM3I1UR4%1]






\B%*DG
M'%V6N[%S3W-WX][(@KS3^Q#HA]P %)@





M4@=F52F#5R=ANZM#!Y^MQ5X/4R?9UX]^ZJ2NTLFG3N*G8;D&9_::ITXM54#=
<[%


1G2P<V%46@ZNN LA
 4TXY

XJCRU-]J;OJ2






E5




2D%%A@(%+=U0





M]*;S)3L%=DU'F04F!$=48);GN


8AQ4@@]/,L TF2.Q4(=&U.'0CWU4C2'^SK9%*VL?.XUU..23EE6
M9$60#.)8&V.?3H^L-!15*MPC!EP)*)6L5[;!+5V/7)L&L_AL_UC?^$7F7Z$N
















M ?F)$:!E!U98&:@N!#UM45

+V)VS^&N]@YPXPHX[<HYVU
M&OT6=W!
O?S: 
D:\2L).I5RZ+X

MLFUR





/'SZP_Z!2
M'S4%@&A+6G&CVM*@![

M

R3[&Z






4KUVE(RF&C_%_[


MO29QCG

MU'G\+E:\O2ZPAAD

M_RE(@V(3_O[G.$GN E*DF.3:70#@K,.:P5\QPJ=-#.6$ 5&%/I(*:$:BWO


8#P+E1=W1#$1B16*53BM-+CF
M
3J\YA2*;A-8#J7V6TWX<S
MRRLX?RZ?XU$T@$0&5O6K 8H7-?E)GDK4:\WOTEG/%[TKC/T
[3;RL%K$#FR_
M=79::+Y G8MWM:;OEJ*1W.7?-T'RF
D3\6J;S:0

4.[
MO
N7ER1[.U08:C @

G;/J\E_=YD7\8H-F9]SO-@D-_'+ '\TKDH9-C+
M&B4_Z&1@717







MW^?SQ\[F ]@N1

]SRP^^
W\.L




M'C\DQZQ=P7HQH,V%M0@\ZVJU7']3EB';+C2U,2%BD;&A%B[TZOYSP.-
MMW2I97J_ V./%)S0LK64WZ,!#(4F[5OO=X 5;4S]UDCYK6BV_1:DU0L&5?[4
M&.?JY(=&#6-80E7:)Y2KWG;8:?I/R5BZ\WPPHJ?2Y76LIS)/4RWRA?.AW

MPA^#MWO

UFOH^[@D


N&
MU/UE'7O.V'\7;


2F% ;6'&*'D[
MMM% I0KZNE+ZQEO'8##88R-7]-_9E8

'5[!I=QC\
9.G!8D




M.W[U1C1[ARH







I7L1%
M3AV
_


M$T=8ZKR#4805=NP





^LE?3Y.R
MB^K]J\?@;9;GN

EE
?E:5T




M    ;6UM8BTR
#(P
#$S

XDN?WB[C_0==[MS$;



M=7+CK
@ODU])2)@34_;7R6].D(C?T$L_(&QR1E?K@



M[$3\ZN3=^Y





M+5P+Q'6TJOKT1]E5^$2B6(Q]%7XB3OSH!
'L
2*1
$^N U=');1_?Q3?D8#/


ML'X%







M82X__CT&T VCQT\


C$@Y??5;1.'R-^Y'*WT6B!\TB=/C?15]8
MUS==B!7BC;A\T_<?$7&_7]G-Q[QW[Q_^^ZC^.%$_'#R]EW^^N/?^*]^SXBX
M(PM??#N

([?#!(





!OY.\_R0?H*MB%7HU=Z+'%*
D.EDXSOJ-


BQD^E6#

X_TQ

NX01S
M6^:&Q/*KQT(HREZV-QT3R#\XTJ2.*TX03*D:FVLA;LU0&)-OYP2)X;)6O'

M-':M*7EN91EJ+D-G,Q76Z2I4:YJZE[6(L1,##H(XSAF5I[G/URDF1+N_,4R
MGLT_1R1E4XZ1IINU@#$3D$LXT#IG*R%:S9C2XY*K9FUR# 3%%I9PR%UG;@-

F:D_QU0J..99F6HCV(P1&LQQ




M\!\S$SY
*[EZ]HWXIC!
+$ XFH

^A*

MG
5




MMX3I[Q^D':P&9CR1

G
MHH5

#68




:/J))[[01*K FFD':QGZ]T/FQKC.-#Y0D0U%N)-
MG_@&O2 WB0C6G\T;T26:V60XC/4LOF9(=A(28GQS36S0/_7^F41IB5#I$#

$AC/PY6SKA@D178?
!=CW7124BZ$=X1%#^B8D?3LH?^7=G3:._
M3K)O3?Z4?PW)$^9NZ;A W3$\UQS[(^8.*2:.KYB1O)B]QON*.5.E


M=[$&H !?-9OY3KAQ^4@C8M][4GI9H(.TI:GM\

MD&

M@V@_8\

KL_P[2?TP'R]G+$*.Z\F=$#E2SSQ6T3


?8WRZ^<P/J5?A]F7XU(W]I];Z
MO*W[F_%8EI-<0=!L;H8=)89CQQS66!GL]5MWJ8_&EJEXE(4+F^K :D0_$![
MFZW#?

C#5SP6$%
M?.JF^T_$9P?QG]0/Q6];=_;=<!&!ZY<2.//D-3D]BI\XE*FHHZ;B2Y4NMF^


M8V5 D$VN-VTQE]PKW4TR/VP_NXER+.OYZ_K;30 RP[&;W/'#]R8/\[HC@5BT
7D$N*ER:5%F+:X=<GN4A46A*(/

OAF






L

MKR8GX'DLZBM+12E_OV^8#E+2MLV&,82%9#&8!&K2$4BO[]L9VA:&45!P[%

M@29@_M:JV!-FH0B^R&
O[H@;.%'DSWWB/=!;OL&X_MH)))AU&@D*YF NP2'




M
)83DLEX31VQJ-P3-V$^-[



KZV'UI6^5*
B14=[%=A%Q#2:-=[P:WM'

&Z6R]U;XR?B5ALOLON


R/?QY*7VJ X8:/


[6B\MW
ML*W 
(AL_F]8W)D5?6Q7F]@X]))P$<2$T];FC%


\=\).N5M(UG

<1A!8U.BNL]//$APTY*/0<)73'-M
1QP=&&1

9
MRC-^8IB$5E-_]KU'?A)U4M(22K/Y-0T7#X2M!

':[9F
;1



MOZ]8L7D++A-1

HD5A0







MXA)^_+_JV/%?_?X@K#SAO/+\)]]+G$R//*VDJ8XII=Z9137_(FV):\R ^:

HX
G NQ6++5[)?*?4@X-3:VSX^

M19.

MLO0*7L=GN3
.W ST$YQAL\0DBFD3PZ704A8Q3C1A2 I.]D^RAEH9PTU@QP
MG!TN$Q;Z(AD2)_32?Q$_R:
L\DZJ/K;/%=TATTL!V+IK9=(37&U6C/ZE(4O
MZB!3=K)]J]0=,X L[ 7YI?D=Y(%]I3_CV*.TP7PEBNT%\*5$2-6]H!))%')5
M:.T'3*@&31/ 62J:U)M;VY;K


:HEH(
-^^




='7R\9(5<A-[CY04W4




HY/P9#S2:J.BN


MH!-.-8+M









MS'G-*^R=:N4K/GD+!HZ:\A2ZO!$+:O7
#SS%@L2(*W[DCJS;]U6+QY8$X8
M.:E:1C 7Z

M*=.ITTWY+VI'I
:6([/@&&11M;0[T
O9@IQ5?Z


MGF_IP6F2'/R6/\P+^FJ3W6WAS'G(*='MLY*/GV
*&AK3HFZX $$95VZ8 9


(<)+1LI.GGBAU#%(\(H[(B;^38*SO93AX)1AO .H[9

[N-^4H1UW0@?% .!!4:F
]C9(IBSU$CT0%Q!%Q

]G=KH[B/4

E
 P<@<K52@E)F!(7Y
M#XLP[115:OV:?BR!I


)BSPC5


YQK&ME:FO/
MB^6*H^QDVW!5(P3A !
^LS41GI1PD9*JKDW5UM:VZ0A0\XD#AV\7( $-K:

)3IU ++KW2T+B


M)G7G+Y;Q;/XY(JG! ]VO&MU06WHP%O:=U81AR+A39?+:=Q[36YXS72(77;\1

:;^^3QG\2-
M'^B
;6

MUVNXMW()




#6*5:%@_$Q2O_O-I
QWG;.I+M
A_[SUN%
M@'# JU!-(W!-QQF?#W$O9%%X*/)WK;S5*ED5YX
[\D?B
^)]YJ.SM
OL
? 7

O??KHE^A*

4@S]VL!OJ.M1CA[;7:#:\FF<T%+Y65G%0:JI2_U3W
M5%8'05:(^LZ/OHKBGY\YC4Q<]HJL.7H?I*:;S0?THRY+#8+C6)WZ<(
O3IU






M$#NAW(^7VI2-9K8-+KFF5&QA7L#'3%F:4W6_Y,9.DJ!MK:T'?T DZF27M^
MM0=A@









6&Z(!&*;#_I5J!(B\1@/+/VAECY0)%Q!S6YQ5L74



MP'8XZZ%73



#D0XVGA!U9+K)[%YFBP0.(YP-2S2^G9UO-+EES\



&JG
/


M?R-RC.*V+?G&VG6


MNQ



[SPJ8VYO/2;;

M/R\LG. BC$6H9?ORRELU&HUAD6VCNS29#B?BC #I(8PWJ;:P+-PVN34D6Z5X


L^.E6_+=R

=2#^AH1&'O4+%=\.]=PMGR

!



MW/XKHU%TRZA+B!?Q;\N
3GE[VZ$B



M.VS+'!


P/Q*Y

N
0K7V2*.%UE9L8/9F\.J\D9




E61)_YK XQ4O6W?


M1DHX?&
#AS!8]W1I(QC&ZM'*8F









MV&_4\7D!^I B#E


@O56AHO/FTCS$^

M34?-$E%NQYWL!J[GM]P1!.F
X4P\=5U1C('K13;[Q3W]!6.4G5&^361Y0?2'
M9+-1
+R%'V5*@BY@'7

9*C<K(GX:)/Z36$IO2)R_.]#:

K-0QIY])U6:VO=SP




MW&X]]X
?%4N'3%/_Y6(_EVPTS

@PO7T1TA7JEC2W'K&BTS
U*OV'AD4%
A%Q
*M&(R0S0KE2M=%=

M8I8(!B\=ETQ7PE\NGV+R'F


)HP 1                0    !M
M;6UB+3(P
C P
3
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #EKEU F&C[@61
  )W/   1

C P
M
3
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4      Z:Y=03APTN94N  X]0( %0
M        @ %8)0$ ;6UM8BTR
#(P
#$S

M.FN74.*N07X :0  +QX& !4              ( !(%0! &UM;6(M
C R
# Q
M

M        5.] 0!M;6UB+3(P,C P,3,Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8 !@*

 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=MMMB_ThroughTwoThousandThirtyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=MMMB_ThroughTwoThousandThirtyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostMethodInvestmentsOriginalCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ReductionInInvestmentDueToLossesInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardWarrantsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_WeightedAverageExercisePriceWarrantsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsNonOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardWarrantsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePriceEquityInstrumentsNonOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_LoanForgivenPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_MAndTBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_IncreaseTotalAvailableOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_MAndTBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_MAndTBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfExpensesOfSlottingFeesAndSalesDiscountsAccountedForDirectReductionInRevenuesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockWarrantPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=MMMB_EmployeesAndConsultantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeBenefitsAndShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_GrossSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SalesDiscountReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C
\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

P$


M!6]/CR_SNH7K
NG.X/@K.TFGB&MVF?Q:/VQV6Z8$%[S@JT+4NZJ68B5O[]\G
MUQ]^5V$?K-N[?VQ\$50-_+H+]0502P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F

9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O#;#Q([A[8N_
M 5!+ P04      Y:Y=0?5CR8

O


X=

MYLM9R(II




MTR
V'8*

MEIZ.Z%/GB'S$#!:8@ (3CSYW!'Q$!@M
08&I1\=NE@%((
TS4&+F\YT\;P (
MA27FH


$5V.;8=S%QZPO! H
PU['OI6)


V14+_X5TS^8/)2U&KZT
MZ6IL[W$60G.SE.3)9/!J^M=A4/*S;E]GYEUV35PWT*+I&U0T=
FK?U!+ P04
Q'71VZA_FN[X_W6=9M=J$NNR_-
M
O5?^U
M.?T:IH3L?#9E_WMXU64#TYB'YNFZL:_L\UKUS?UU$JT4I<_SK_[P_A[FMI_
M#Y



MLY:$3H/!.Q!)BQPPEI*6.#HU+%\04,7FM!8:EJ##%C@@+44L,YB=HTMU'
MT&D7RXI4I9HH58$[HK7FI+GN*=92.=W'UY_K;AW)N :.:T=Q#9S%B%N+K2$



MJ

$
M#6/0QYJSD^SJ.&LX7_RC;%_VAV[VU/1]4X_G5\]-TX?8GOH2


XLL\O!Z?(_4$L#!!0    ( #EKEU +-4'_CP(  ((*





I

+O%7L



MF1P&Q.GL)R37LJ'6$3-^KI#__2\8

MN!U.?
YX[

2[Y7E=-MT[/

MED-9FZ8K;9.TYKA.G^!Q1VD?



UD_B&



MXH0[(L26J$-+G#!O2N52LH@2@@/&&PX(N6+$GANJW$'O=!R&(9.$_@@&!
M@"0+Y#71%B6]2A+0+BB\+_M^&[A @%XSK!9\&W!=!QI1D2G&\.B??1?S



ZJE/ZEK??JNMO:BS(=U9C]7^H=Y5KO

MUK15


@M'R!#+=R?1H0OT?*'F'$DHDA\T!X


M(H448!LE*$IE($)YP[


NJD_!O^X


MX&1$J _GB'DM

@=E&T0 L$6VS[K
1
;*QDN9(2;_^^




6.#4?'WWI^ZJ^^S(97'IOD^7/R^O9NKP9&O_%


Y]9$RY



Y-3DP#C7@(8LZ2]3=4&[#
(OS D*MF(O4^J4Q
M%C7@(G/L2H(QX0H(/W5%&) $ 
FI$!B0!  9+W-K(!+K
@&(%E8G)CUA
I(D

M'&\0@4B68$Q82GE',1I(XTQPOLR3AR#:[WBU-I@!$P_8B2_1
!\)\-'$
M? 0B62.)QE BRE(C9.1Y)Y3BT6?Y'[RQCHNA6@UM_EUCS9.6 &G%H@]$
MLD((LJ1

(IGSTE4_/?X0+2IP<EOD:)TL8O*7OK4$TL7HKBK^


M)UGFS!G


M 1QY45+;G+;.=0?&;-FXO8*.]#^ID:CN/.F:9CM#/ J@I1DR6;SB2DN-VR

#]=H$[D#(0




I22PV]E=@3
M TU![]/C*0OQ










VS'461)5 6C&^V1R8%M+0(DN^BRTR[+V2!BZ6N%YK


M4\!W8-;G$FLY(KX$HU/54XW41 H*'UD$&&[P2,H%8FC!\3)YU31N#R_
;^


HL#L6/O.Q&?

'
$^YRKZ4X\W_@?!V^
M6U6X2_#='PKOUPGVJP3[1+#_;XEK







OSN_K76+NO
MY2(LW*-ZEJ5K
GJ@I(1*]
H]XO -IGH^43(5_P.NH#P\9.)C%*AL7$G16X=Z









2KWA-

M6KS





M31NB@Q59)QKX N%K=W%HL9FEDAJ

MEVA\K'*ZB8) 01DB@\#M!D^@51&3\F3CJGC
#E^8W]?:H=:[D*#T]6?9=5



W?N/@%4$L#!!0


PF5G!&?@_&M




A3@P

W?./\+4$L#!!0    (



M!%L'\ G 9\ ^YF%CHJC\L_ B3ZT9B!U[WXGPQ

M)&670#3%'


M;]P@#/TKB!]0[DC:G4Y)I%ZK:9


KQ
H''.ZIV^.)]FT+CA8D?6B@6_@





MYIC3%
/7


M_2N('U 2DJY99%MJ.DV;M$E1IVV?B7VV48'S 

MV8#VR;4 GCQK95Q.6^^[(V.N;$$+=X
F()4K1X'G=ITCZ
-[=\@JT#^ 3@


@A2-G<A!%J


 S]E2@?

MI*%E




-KDW3
MY$EE!Y




Z7L31

MS^OP9E:




[4C)-I

_NK*Q%


L^R\P
MUA.'P5C\-[@!MW7B=7()=?^&^17;:0866PJ@KT-:]/ZM1_Y[V%X !T#Z*
M#$(^\T_

MAGE'$
L^25!
XD0_A%
\?(-FN/'AF[EZO








;JX5'
MTS;
]19$%4%:



M01H)TK]*O'U7XE;
X9T(6_54@VWB-#E2FJ&+D[SR+@-[S^.;_ F?IOV+L(WL

M
C

L#F

:2$[6F31=[%%9@:O9 <72]R@M;_SZ#
F-
=?74\RJ;U

:O69


Q([];X7X8EW)XZ]*8




M-YX;6QU5&V/G 0_BO$'W HKNMFHR:WUS1MTB:;:]I^9G5\R8%8P/7Z[POH




N2\J1Z4%7UA
*IR^SFO7
MNW6:3])D?,'D6 K $GIX-G(9?Y!ZIID4DQ(3G?_4#M+X[.Q-Q-:9WN*MR9
M25X9[[T@29CANR5:


MO 0'1W#XJ\1H5Z(/\Y\L$Z](XB&(=R(^S


-OO&M_/Q'WA/_Y^'PE<JFZQ6Z6T:P3W76@@-
M)I7PP=QJ:^;1:CHM=VF9B_GKIP-+89EX.!UZA5_ %!+ P04      Y:Y=0





M3L9;9%:IN 1EN5;(0)WCV\WAF 9\!#QR&.SBC$(E9ZV?@_&]RG$2$@(!I0L*
MS&\7N 

M3-C'.&0
%#/_RAPK
J
'9



M-YN42

M?G

V1K^2JU(LW/E<YWOB$0$!I


*JC9(.RS



7

MF
FPJI_? K(\2



[Q


MU#_%VGTM%V'A$=5/6;DVIRDE%=1B4.X)Q\\PUW-+R5S\5[B\O0B8]1HK)Q

Q4^][

M;?I^

M*^\RL \\OLE?^#3MWX1I9&?)!9U_V=C_&M&!3R6Y\2/4^@^V& IJ%XYW_FRF
M
9L
A_W\@]CRC8L_4$L#!!0    ( #EKEU!PJO29GP(   


!#'7P7Q  4; R9*(I5$TR9M



!0BAS/W/$TP6:NB-*I9 L$
MH1BFB
!HS8 F02(G$+G&I(XJ!]*)A@$Q  !G$P.DW2:NI.$X:A _*):((2

M.D^$2(+=K0#(HC##-[X!!7$H@$

M?Y9M+YK0QEE&HUNYX)
*04=5XN:*_C-7
.H$%9?'MLLJ;R?.M;8'ZL@Z=/)[



MC(W?@V8XEK3$Z?RA_LGU;GHY
@5[P7]59UUNPU48G.';ER_BNXS#/W0,!B:
M_PIWX 9NG9@:)\&5^P:GF]*B'E2,E9J]]V/5N+$;]!\T/R$9
E(B


M:HV3B

(^^T0KQWBL8-G=GI
.JF#LRR=N_&@5EFZ]INA7C/48V96

M36Z#?9V^


ZXG!^


RU(E
MFTU'ZMF[I^(%XE]E[D+^E?G]VRQVD;/&9V/4W)V0AUFW6+H !/W&+5^Q04


M8Y(HPI-
T2131.#!MYRA K




M];

3YJPF^GG=^8 P!


':A#DM@
ME.,,:^C,$II<8P;B:E^\]I^:Y6Y


9OF]'C9N-KS+N$GUG8AK


M-'

M_


M?0D


M)!!\H2E9*PTPB1*'I\2@$.$HGC40H*2@%!$4R0@039$XZRD=(HQ!1ECX[&





LRR5H@UD5ZV&V4L1/R?F



2P#R$H%F)-;]SI=8#-+2*9XQ$2-(G$^4^NDEAZ

B_]634&2N01S=$

Q

HSU[!]02P
$%     @ .6N74%F9


NUVB#ITH


& ?ABX:B8]F4OU4ZG+Q:R3YZCK


 L0H0@R&/(PB

M1'PF'%:)F2TEJ;]ED)*D!.?D1G?$8'M\P@3 HCY6+\HGP= #2GTD4'4+!^ZE
MF (XS

;S!.Q1Z^WOK0W''<D?[CIKT??RVY7M2IZE=H<[.[XW4JI

#/CKK^6]!
M#\.5*QGO?8M_4$L#!!0    ( #EK

V+GAM;'U4

!#]%8L/B%E@V78%2%FJJI5::96JZ;

M. K#%#/2\Z#(G.\LBTR

@&TL(/

'][MCF5B\ SSV




M5*N
]UK$29KAJQ6:

M?KQ.
/U'BLFF0.($DC==.-QTP6/V#L
=)DWZ+99Y0;L\#$,]S?IX-4%,9M


P

M3/[W
'] 


3')/8;

M)






=AN
*



@I$
M#V?8 J5&2


M:-JD3:HZ;?M
$R=!!9R!DW3_?C90&NSG]DO SKN[=SZ_PYY?1?/2'CF7WFM5








M-0-;( Q#(YO/4!
R)
2](@1TJ
.%H]T0X
+8U)L!=*LP0A
W6]AV'@@%H6(S





)]0$@9]]M_XF5<&

59J]M8]R\8]+]V;).]I
('T!#(0NLF9)
0](1X(
DPZ5482G&:QIZ;
M,8PDR/Y@/Q3T0P$_!!9(0($$$/<KL884N1PD!0
D@)!O
5909@$#I*!03)
M(/66)AOM %(464R]G?\
X%)

/0
M'-78'_
M-X(7CJ8Q&KNZ4[.C+WJQ??Z@'Q=$%HI'8@:KC!(UJC509;[
G




M

M9JNJE5HIVJK;:X=

MW(:M4L
&(=FTP(A\X /T^N3$!2-*F^*
Y '&T2HPA'48X8Z?JPKJQO+^J*
NG.KC /5U4#.\ /4SV$OM(5FE6/'H)<=
M[P
!IVWX%&]VI8FW :\=C'*Q#TPG!\[?C/'UN TC4Q!0:)11('JYPC-0:H1T


7

M@;3ZC



4_V
 JB=2DJEJIE59;M;WV
T?LLSL



MSRB:3IX^\?[^3?US*-X5\RR
W*GF=WVPYW5:ILE!'L6EL4_J]D6.!;$T&:O_



:&14S(P80X17L$\)^I2








M


M
$D\+3

FMIIV@/A^EL0X



M=_M&LC!*
YRS0CDKA!
N.)@FPB$9LD0@W@!P30/CFK@X_?)1RS2Y871 ^.
M0/#@W@:(Q?)

MG*5JF+%#=4ETIS@[^:!&)#!-LZ1A=1N7A9][464AKT;4+7]1D;XV#5-_]US(
96
91NU_
MH^-5&]F,+C:5AKT/;=WZMA_][V'A #@&PD #K4
()_Y)V9862C91VI8_(ZY

BN3FC4;
?-'N2;-)DUC_0*#$.@-T
P


HLCR Z8KU@2 *



/8@6&O/D)&3-M#G*
U&M!'9T3C4G

P4[PW]51EVM_Z7M'
M.+$+UT^B^P*#H



MBI9TJ@=A2J-)

MOS-YKAKE'80V8\$U[Y





MU 3MH:KRYM^C*O5I'I+PX\%S\;HSW8-H
=OGK^JG


VS/GU5


MGE]ED3I9#)BDQ]0]1A I$DS#( T#-
6P_.!,),Y$@$U<6<E+\&S09I,D C5/693951DHRIRRK
M;#JQ4\HSCK,A,;:4&.3CZ\+C2N2.WQ!/-H@V%((\)1)Y0@P%5 Z +M9.^P^






2_!:(_FMUU&P*?)_HQ=R;2;MV
M]IW.5NK9ZR8MDU5T-8X&S;;7Q!


3) )S


P_'E^5EN8B3@S@Y@)

0

!JRA. )S8Q4F 0%GBXDJ8J$D8[@F8[\H9\@[



M-EM5K=1*T5;=7CMD$M :3&TG;-^^MB&4DLE-_
.9\\T8/

#PC$@G (B%T &
MD


=WDY&J-1LUNT(0S


Y=#2AH46W=BNR?2?4?P%4$L#!!0    ( #EK

M;6^;


OXL3I1*[Z6I6['V3U)V]T$@=B?:$'''.MJJ7PZ
-T2J)3\&



M2-8
7A1*0U[Z:]6:ZW7P_VH&&T2#030:]
F9-8@'@_C-(#'!]V0FU(]$DLV*
MLZO'^Z?5$5T4Z#Y6R=SI39



3 +D846ABNQL'
M3DH^)'F4Q0G


7Z
P.4@T Y &2]*67N%DV8

HOSD+W84V$*R:


MD8OB]N.YDH%;

^CTEXH+1I0.18UE+X!<;!&C./3]&#/2=EZ1V=Q)%!D?%&T[
M. DD!\:(^'4$RL?<[Q;XK&M&V42N

RVB



MB

:5(UX'%^!N[R.7  

M9Y$C#!@AP)QY $2)9W$B3$!P!+/@S%AP.@6P,@%;+RSF# A6^UQY,F$$
M#=
5[OV0C]X^!
9
(
P23PB

U$GO&+8F4-.^'(
.P).*W=-

MQG&\O[%_MLGK9/94PI:SW^51%2MWX3I'.-$+4R^\_0)]0K'K]-E_@RLP#3=*

#2?[K$/8.X;M#9)/O



JUA9!WF


MNHFJ5FJE:*NVUTXR6@-IK83MF]?V[ H@!MM+N+3-[__&2P[[QE_%16 =-X:
MVHKK:3L-@B)8P4-$4^L@U:MG!EOB%1#?D&BXT!.)JBA*/\!#6D;MTR-W-[
M7N;L*FG=PIX[XMHTA/]]!LKZPO7=]XF7^E))/8'*O
7^ 'R9[?G:H0FE5/=





MZ74L_P%02P




XTW*1P9

6NL*@0RB(D6L&2HQ B:$OW@(H626*8MF]96_6
M


MY9X-

MT2J(;\@T7
@)U/44A0%08I:TG1^59JY/:]*


MA?%K\O3G)77ALG]W_VBRJRP'(F#'Z

M%[@!57)-HM8X
BK

M@BS
DM *X]#E49F@1LH=@+%:Z 6TC)OTGD$/W"AQ B4.('N'DM5[Z(P
MR_+ _MXN89[@M





!3%7P7Q #7_(1$@K8FJ3=JDJ-.VSTYR$U -



M9KZ:)9-XJ1'$QF3V(*DU2&HQ




M;ZX.]6/\

<@X%SZ]_U/[+
MV/C4F*]U%ZMF^_?FOG^Z7OKEXCX^U


M-Q;TU?IEJ&B*N3W&Z+






 ^=\R#$& L -:AN8)AY(!BF4QDXF/7#4([+!XPPO:#*




M]Z5OD\D



TE#X6H(P+%&Q+




!P3;%
U B;F
LF8
!P3?%.=
M@LQ[4\F8

M66X*'[P%H\V5&(;)9F?7;8LHOMXWB0U2WNFN=]/YQ9G#T]'99]T
-A3?;\
M%BZKXY'7SVJ.)W!_U.WC9M\MOC9]W^S& YN'INECDJ@NDL2G6-^?;K;QH1\N

ASZ?H);VG0H3VWN




Y+$62EQ5$H6E5R8Y3G -Z?77#_?J3@UG?2.7.D/P1[7BG
%6L]_T*9K


N_UO4^^O5NNZO_UQ]N]_O[E]]_7Z]O\[NL'I7W^0Y^


6Y2X:1E\OWT2#

M=-+]XY\.6WTS635_M


=RNREV-W4





O;;^_RZ@;W^V-5/NQOH]?EW7VV:RU(Y[J%$WGB















@_KLXEB ;&2LL+^M5
M]'I
GF@FBQ) F^-K-XVU=S_N^:K^Z7\NTV3Q0]-C%0U0F
$?T_$/8NG3\D/
M9[$9H*\LK[:/$7MC,AP2U*-]);A(I=QSD ( H RQ.08$5_.L![:8JL?[S



MV@[T;Y3CX(UM/JSA+
RG#-2JZ%7YL(4?K@[;7T#/W19HFUG_ EK8!@:Y!@%#





MGA0HSY

JL++*
._Z++A
M66[*P]7^^N#P(X95LJ\9Z


M4*HB#_K;1\.6^$/ECF\4?2[J7QC?O@*0JGT&U[R0ZZG4DJT2;*'(D-]O0(


M;9$7!0;@%RC1Q




B[
X.7L5C#

UX?)C(UPH:\





)GL
/)U

XH

M)HMX
9]&DR7\LS+O

C^=X&[?%-U)PR1)
'\17TY)XG3)H&HO#


M1%^10*$DAJ-4(




M69/7  !:E1HT&&7W -)

$ 1:!$ C[-SBST5I\5
9#1#MG/AV1NYP
ML?OZVL55'A@FG!'.6!EWF]]DZT??1G(#DB(!R:WD2WD/['
<U^4GU


X(*P1B=



T


MF]Y 7KMY!#6/]MDC&2 ??



Z7#@F%
M+KKE-KY+*]


1B(BPU90.VVU#RO$8G*I(YTPNB GR







O9IH&^TJH&

1Y5W-9:FBUMA

O




NY[]1;EWT(IK

BD
C\.HGU67$\E4+!V)\




MMR^N(S09YTPCK141B$D^2R4U.ODH




AEQS=QSR=C54.WYU%(5A?0QB#P$%S
M0-M.3C @
GA-09*V1PI\O\DHUEJV5$Z2E?1=_#=:A4-X=-B&7UGWBIUWA;7
MM&RA-A/[VF24S@0@&
VO7G+[8ACGYED.^42= %O);,Q3CV;XM^+%9^4^#E
MV


MEI 2AZD/Z-&EI!%/=[4!S!NL#










C'@[A'SD(W) %;\X:5GV[KD05W=!/$2$P1=
M31VNXZ)8KH15[?3N84K8M/B&T;+W8IAO'#0.4TB^]H;3!5RNEJ?A.'DH1(O

.%S
;BV+$9A



MV8H1)-^\1$D['J^6L/V%LITO6*$A$%'%I
TR3COPT(@HC.3+\79D!H57\T&$



M0


M*1:J1+PM;H8TV_ B;7Y\!:AYJ+^E!;C)9:=06'!N-/T#^IK(&


M\'FPBLK+-KG7(BV:&TG+H=L&-&R?:]Q;N;.N$$L?7)AX=



4P2NQ)G

M%)22I\/1HL+\SG0Y/I.$@ZKXEKF8L3_F&VJSPL^993+#S8[\DT*2]YK+#/0D

3;M;[]WCVSL4H6(:-AC#&%Z[A&]+D
XI3
!_02(S6
*V8=2+DZ<SA@F&]XHXS[S-FZ_W5*EE  AQ!JL;T;O#\2(^-1S$



SC[;=6+HN4O:#X3OL<5PIJ
M5R=CQD:FZNQZ+\)4F!M+EXRBV%PM'
] 1

MM'T^K +@-O$BFL3)8A[/)TL

LD'J]67F6





&A_HT+)
MJ#7R@OU0P0]D:;:QS

D/K+OO&1=&@A&6?_N13
M%W


M9(#-2



)[@H^




W

&Y





7
&
%A7B2)I)E
3+\S;UFH:F62+_9Z'79N^' )QH7
M</E$K%EB[NCJJ;ZU#;)$.5<=14OUOMI.2GS7IQ2B)K<]C6=XI\WY\D7!I07


M&9



UR2*
MD(
.99\9S30_:YE?6R'3.*BW3 /+Q
Q[H8WX


(;KPV+=O[
PRUKBAKP$N08T35$A4<E[D)!O/31:[/HQB56Z95-




M[P20![8



M;
9LH+/FR:&%^=AX*)CH_FS_$_3J9U(UV4E?O


77-M4&Z^.A5<V
MZ
\]HQ


))XL4E!Z5@+4(\/)AI88

M+MFX

V (_7F@#DE.G\NSA*

MZ95W^&=

Q+C:

1!^Y-I'WEFFASF<K4VE6$)KH?D(/O).LGL0XF<G?VU.OX-8F*PN9#19
M6EEHWDB\&JHB.4*O9\Q@7V%MYAC1;;]\B6(VK4@
F]Q9*7;0'8
=6 ]AG(






QCP#I8FXS^%@X

M))_Y+M-X





MH



C4X2W&=M88LO
%5;XK


VQB(3:
61(







MK_:_$TH


 /UW



LP*KVN2]?*?


G$^
MS*@TA22A+!!$88*

M& #!]

VTT*3L
;4;0#W2;F7!I407%

0NA%-
M;T^ 0LY1_T95Y9KZQD2N+S










T
MGLPP+&N0IM-X 2LY

K'RBI](
M.;W1TGUSM#)76!+*;^H(H+]&.#<V9;M:CB=3D@:1E2'8-0;5]G1R<<K?\'E

\-*2[_(Z?


M0)A+S

CP29'^



MKE6Q*

M]Y_FT[


M3=#'BXJG*HG:7FV]11V?FM2Y ^?.1-9%H-&KFN*O)R]4K]='_
DVW?2ZN87@


R5
MZ&*H T_.#-B5\@WRH/9<

M#HOAF%T\7B3Q8I9P6XMT'



M!/IO QFH[0Z'AHY'
TP^&$Q'Z?Q)@]AD


MK*2#K


BJWA/
MPI]A%C5)]R(B

M?








MI

9W.L9+D##LW__9'V


M 62M94H_;'1HL!W1M=K


-//AUN


M;(C)R(MAUNXE'1]0UJEC-ZCP[%0H#H$9%2Q(EV@% $@=&YP 2:YGH2Q88A&+

M./Z!TNN=R^/ %0J^9%W1


&PG8-UO

K8COST

MT




SK:](.PW!E !O
9-28'#N@N)^+HN=
I



)/I!(T(\#JWJ0*%I
MOQV1:&T#EBVT=^FMR/-,?8*=4U&H@?[5,I.]RB30^!/'#=$1G_20]-YXKQ<

2N
&S_CL8
NFK$[$3L76A&02*=&  J:
M


ZX8K2R@CF%




MEDSN\




)5Y5EKBON4A#C3QRST5L
0C_NBQ94KW*N?I



*8U3-05QD%$
ME:

COGKTI)RG<Q,:81H?E

M+0$[JG-*.7RX Q9D78L&

M\D63)?RSPN!DSD*\*;&T*_8





;B&.!!XZA1=<:H,)6%<;ZU+LZF F3J(1?1,HDUTE2;&[W?1N_RJHNL%
M5VO.RM&[\\M7:G$\O_Q*OPS'J1%#E71 UKROV^


:M83JA&LX^7WQU1C/;Z7Y;M#RP






M




5I.)NT9WS@*WV


.*J%H
M1NU?2
Q_VVT$.F[MYLQKS@!_$4UF\70VBV?3A%.Y5^





YXLJB.$3YD&==5!H

Y?P?W
MK-!GK;A&FETLJK.G:EM]+4CD(=AP;I0Y;6%$NMF@Z0WVL3)?D9\P3HN;G_G

:V69S14E6N=]!)&E'7[1 DI=X4

M)_;LC9'(S?$(Q'2?C(ANI]QX/I\P5(2#+(&VG1(7@@&VP^LJSUUZ&/GADM$L










G_.6FUB)6DNMENKBL:*/9

*8Z1G[K%Y;*65S@IA/.
MHA9



[=24S4?E*QVZ\&0#001!8N@L+!8%6YY3I7


MHHF5&KGI66?9N.@6Y@6VLT#)=:1M'P:+)RD:)(;)+!;N&P9%B
E 5BHRD'S)

F$[H-42HD)8G'L?XW
MID)ZQ'YN:;)Y-2


6&YN:BDS9GFIOK6CFA4J:1MEZDII.-



1Q[3W[V
P\19]U
QIM)3K&K/T-S





M4NN67AU'KBVC.(9_\V7][]B)_XZ=^._8B?^

#Y9<DMFC-L'#2,4I]^I.+W$/*])
M!QPO%IY0G5@$TKC%39\G<_@K^5JBHANYL!T08N9SH'3PES *A.1M?PNJ$'%



Y)A)W/TB=DPTMLH$88R

MYR10!X
WPJZP;TL+BV)EM5'*4\+0B^;WT2?+[YZT =NO!?36TO^6:50N\4

ML)OHQUI#5=I%I_-F8V@/;Q



M=+84


]]9[Y:V7<62_
C)YY'B?3V
MI*%6.A3\





M4WQV4U#'Q
;K202R'98;@8LXB2KT4*$:3;*$F4645LW?+8AQFZ7] E4?_(:R

ML?3?!H*YJN #4/U0LAM
1^G\29HUF8P6:32!=U+!*BQIE%%'%/]B#R:C!$?%
MQY\B;





Y) ]

?#H%2VH?32Y]_+ZP-6L
A_*IQB7T
M(@AYM!FKC$D4\#5+








IK

9[YOWKQY+BRG]'6GRR96?'9D;?Z*
M]+Y9 ]




M3.^L:R
@IV

MY'2X?X#WS7)QO8!]4C



_/JXMVE;)(+I?@P26J
MQ+62^C!]*,O2@DZ+C_BW*?\ YA,M87*'!C<RWI*0<WEO=#0=W$ N5F!35N?Z
M*3I%X.[05T;0]WIC1KI:;B&Z8+O6:[O[/7BLFZUH#!A!BSS%WQ4.QY:KMT^

MQ-
(Z\4-2D.8TD-SA!_0TS6'))]AR#O10'_1#(RQ+#2@9#D@OT ?0].0^
M$B2G^M$G66^A X


NQ%OV%:UTR 7!4WVJROC.771=R9P7

Q6L+=$-S
5O%7;X.



Z?03XCM8





MU0WNW#L.^\.^A]O+T^!LV$Z





@F3?K3B%$:LPA29B*.(K@Z/?)
5/N;^4F/
M5K\_==U054 W

4C/ .$ 7@%ZF^U
MCOG$7]2.A




M

M2P
$%     @ .6N74JRA' _ @  A H   T   !X;]S='EL97

M:MM $/V595-* B62[




@H)WSNV(48-A)7;/-.T9+P<$OYI<%HP
+


OP%02P
$%     @ .6N7







 3&+D9^;^4Z
MG@#8CA&V8UJV*_TDG.\BN-3LL^!^P95B-PLGG)


(]@]?V$A\

MQ
3



6RHDMM#O)TW4\Q




0@7U7 C#'+Y
MF(4*ZKG0+LS^C8(+G9B%2NJY$(8Y:,T2LU!)_H4 DO488F(6*LF_$\2
_L0
M$[-026PA-#DS;$W
0B6QA7!

MOH 




B.?+


MH+?Q]7:@M_/U=JW\_5VH+?S]7:@M_/U=JW7^%9)7I8R=?;@=[.U]N!WL[7

MR[@EA?/KQ7\NSE
_(L*GO^T\_@502P
&ULS=I=3\(P% ;@OT)V:UCI%WX$N%%O
MU43_0-T.;&%;F[8@_GN[H28:3#1\MXPMM.=\VXTSQ6SIU='8;1KFR[
LRI&
6:<:^KQ-IV;-N5WYJ.WQOFGIIA3:AJ%\[2@FQTNTM=0KHVSU(U

I[*Q^CK



M%%D5BJP*15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLFH4636*K!I%5HTBJSZAK

Q;TW=_93D
MV=KUQWPV_*-F\0902P$% ,4      Y:Y=0'R// \     3 @  P
M        @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( #EKEUA_DWI[P   L   1                9D!  !D;V-0

M.6N74'U8\F#! @  

M='

4



M !@              ( !8!






  !D              ( !

M='

YX;6Q02P$% 




M965T

  !D










M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #EKEU#9NG1\]@$  


M4.M1N9:W 0  T@

O



M   ( #EKEULX9QDX $   $%   9                6U  !X;]W;W)K



  !D






U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T






M:&5E=#0Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #EKEU!#EM@
!P(  '0%   9


M:&5E='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      Y:Y=0TJ EQS
  J!@

M 0(4 Q0    ( #EKEU!1M
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ .6N74#($'S%3








M4$L! A0#%     @ .6N74(C'E:N/ P  J!(  !D              ( !6H@


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      Y:Y=0\:PL


M='



MVK\I*WD  
7  0 4                3R@  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #EKEU JLH1P/P(  (0*   -              
M 9D9 0!X;]S='EL97

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearFirstAndSecondMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearThirdAndFourthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearFifthSixthAndSeventhMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearEighthAndNinthMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=MMMB_AgreementYearTenthAndThereafterMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_FinanceLeaseDepreciationOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=MMMB_StockOptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_TotalIntrinsicValueOfWarrantsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueExercisable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=MMMB_BoardofDirectorsAndEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=MMMB_BoardofDirectorsAndEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=MMMB_BoardofDirectorsAndEmployeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_ConsultantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=MMMB_OptionHoldersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_ScheduleOfMinimumRoyaltyPaymentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=MMMB_NortheastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=MMMB_SoutheastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=MMMB_MidwestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=MMMB_WestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=MMMB_SouthwestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeeEqualToAggregateGrossProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeesEqualToAggregateGrossProceedsForExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfCommonStockIssuable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfFeeEqualToConsiderationPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AgreementTermDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonrefundableMonthlyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonrefundableMonthlyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonrefundableMonthlyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonrefundableMonthlyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonRefundableMonthlyFeeTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_AggregateGrossProceedsFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=MMMB_SpartanCapitalSecuritiesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_NonrefundableMonthlyFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseContractualTermAxis=MMMB_YearFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_MMMB_PercentageOfRoyaltyRateOnNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'

