

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000063754-13-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130125
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MCCORMICK & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000063754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				520408290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14920
		FILM NUMBER:		13547097
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4107717301
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCCORMICK & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660620












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended November&#160;30
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
18 Loveton Circle
 Sparks
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Common Stock Non-Voting
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity
The aggregate market value of the voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at May&#160;31
 2012: $430
362
The aggregate market value of the Non-Voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at May&#160;31
 2012: $6
763
764
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&#8217;s classes of common stock
12
446
December&#160;31
120
231
December&#160;31
McCormick&#8217;s April&#160;3
As used herein
 references to &#8220;McCormick
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221; are to McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries or
 as the context may require
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
McCormick is a global leader in flavor. The company manufactures
 markets and distributes spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry&#8211;retail outlets
 food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. Our major sales
 distribution and production facilities are located in North America and Europe. Additional facilities are based in China
 Australia
 Mexico
 India
 Singapore
 Central America
 Thailand and South Africa. McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We operate in two business segments
 consumer and industrial. Consistent with market conditions in each segment
 our consumer business has a higher overall profit margin than our industrial business. In 2012
Across both segments
 we have the customer base and product breadth to participate in all types of eating occasions
 whether it is cooking at home
 dining out
From locations around the world
 our brands reach consumers in more than 110 countries. Our leading brands in the Americas include McCormick
 Lawry&#8217;s
. In Europe
 the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) our major brands include the Ducros
brands of spices
brand dessert items. In the Asia/Pacific region our primary brand is McCormick
Our customers span a variety of retail outlets that include grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores
 served directly and indirectly through distributors or wholesalers. In addition to marketing our branded products to these customers
 we are also a leading supplier of private label items
Approximately half of our consumer business is spices
 herbs and seasonings. For these products
 we are a category leader in our primary markets with a 40% to 60% share of sales. There are a number of competitors in the spices
More than 250 other brands are sold in the U.S. with additional brands in international markets. Some are owned by large food manufacturers
 while others are supplied by small privately owned companies. Our leadership position allows us to efficiently innovate
In our industrial business
 we provide a wide range of products to multinational food manufacturers and foodservice customers. The foodservice customers are supplied both directly and indirectly through distributors. Among food manufacturers and foodservice customers
 many of our relationships have been active for decades. We focus our resources on our strategic partners that we believe offer the greatest prospects for growth. Our range of products remains one of the broadest in the industry and includes seasoning blends
 natural spices and herbs
 wet flavors
 coating systems and compound flavors. In addition to a broad range of flavor solutions
 we strive to achieve customer intimacy. Our customers benefit from our expertise in many areas
 including sensory testing
 culinary research
Our industrial business has a number of competitors. Some tend to specialize in a particular range of products and have a limited geographic reach. Other competitors include larger publicly held flavor companies that are more global in nature
For financial information about our business segments
For a discussion of our recent acquisition activity
The most significant raw materials used in our business are dairy products
 pepper
 rice
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 soybean oil and wheat. Pepper and other spices and herbs are generally sourced from countries other than the United States. Other raw materials
 like dairy products and onion
 are primarily sourced from within the United States and locally
 for many of our international locations. We are not aware of any existing government restrictions or other factors that could be expected to have a material adverse effect on the availability of the raw materials used in our business. Because the raw materials are agricultural products
 they are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather
 growing and harvesting conditions
 market conditions
We respond to this volatility in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
McCormick&#8217;s products are sold directly to customers and also through brokers
 wholesalers and distributors. In the consumer segment
 products are then sold to consumers through a variety of retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under a variety of brands. In the industrial segment
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 11% of consolidated sales in 2012
 2011 and 2010. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for 11% of consolidated sales in 2012 and 2011
 and 10% of consolidated sales in 2010. In 2012
The dollar amount of backlog orders for our business is not material to an understanding of our business
Trademarks
McCormick owns a number of trademark registrations. Although in the aggregate these trademarks are material to our business
 the loss of any one of those trademarks
 with the exception of our &#8220;McCormick
&#8221; &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Club House
&#8221; &#8220;Ducros
&#8221; &#8220;Schwartz
&#8221; &#8220;Vahin&#233;
&#8221; &#8220;Kamis&#8221; and &#8220;Kohinoor&#8221; trademarks
We also own various patents
Due to seasonal factors inherent in McCormick&#8217;s business
 our sales
 income and cash from operations generally are lower in the first two quarters of the fiscal year
 increase in the third quarter and are significantly higher in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. This seasonality reflects customer and consumer buying patterns
In order to meet increased demand for our consumer products during our fourth quarter
 McCormick usually builds its inventories during the third quarter of the fiscal year. We generally finance working capital items (inventory and receivables) through short-term borrowings
 which include the use of lines of credit and the issuance of commercial paper. For a description of our liquidity and capital resources
McCormick competes in a marketplace that is global and highly competitive. Our strategies for competing in each of our segments include a focus on product innovation
 price and value
 product quality and customer intimacy. Additionally
 in the consumer segment we focus on brand recognition and loyalty
 effective advertising
Many of McCormick&#8217;s products are prepared from confidential formulas developed by our research laboratories and product development teams
 and
 in some cases
 customer proprietary formulas. Expenditures for research and development were $57.8 million in 2012
 $58.1 million in 2011
The cost of compliance with federal
 state and local provisions related to protection of the environment has had no material effect on McCormick&#8217;s business. There were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in fiscal year 2012
McCormick had approximately 9
000 full-time employees worldwide as of November&#160;30
 2012. Including the impact of part-time employees worldwide
 we had approximately 9
500 employees as of November 30
 2012. We believe our relationship with employees to be good. We have no collective bargaining contracts in the United States. At our foreign subsidiaries
 approximately 1
For information on the net sales and long-lived assets of McCormick by geographic area
McCormick is subject in varying degrees to certain risks typically associated with a global business
 such as local economic and market conditions
 restrictions on investments
 royalties
 dividends and exchange rate fluctuations. Approximately 40% of sales in fiscal year 2012 were from non-U.S. operations. For information on how McCormick manages some of these risks
Certain statements contained in this report
 including statements concerning expected performance such as those relating to net sales
 earnings
 cost savings
 acquisitions and brand marketing support
 are &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; should, anticipate, &#8220;believe&#8221; and &#8220;plan.&#8221; These statements may relate to: the expected results of operations of businesses acquired by us
 the expected impact of raw material costs and our pricing actions on our results of operations and gross margins
 the expected productivity and working capital improvements
 expected trends in net sales and earnings performance and other financial measures
 the expectations of pension and postretirement plan contributions
 the holding period and market risks associated with financial instruments
 the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations
 the adequacy of internally generated funds and existing sources of liquidity
 such as the availability of bank financing
These and other forward-looking statements are based on management&#8217;s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results. Results may be materially affected by external factors such as: damage to our reputation or brand name
 business interruptions due to natural disasters or similar unexpected events
 actions of competitors
 customer relationships and financial condition
 the ability to achieve expected cost savings and margin improvements
 the successful acquisition and integration of new businesses
 fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw and packaging materials
 changes in regulatory requirements
 and global economic conditions generally which would include the availability of financing
 interest and inflation rates and investment return on retirement plan assets
 as well as foreign currency fluctuations
 risks associated with our information technology systems
 the threat of data breaches or cyber attacks and other risks described herein under Part I
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
Our principal corporate internet website address is: www.mccormickcorporation.com. We make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). The SEC maintains an Internet web site at www.sec.gov that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding McCormick. Our website also includes our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 Business Ethics Policy and charters of the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Before you buy our Common Stock or Common Stock Non-Voting
 you should know that making such an investment involves risks
 including the risks described below. If any of the risks actually occur
 our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case
 the trading price of our securities could decline
Damage to our reputation or brand name
 loss of brand relevance
 increase in private label use by customers or consumers
Our reputation for manufacturing high-quality products is widely recognized. In order to safeguard that reputation
 we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure conformity to specification and compliance with law. We also continually make efforts to maintain and improve relationships with our customers and consumers and to increase awareness and relevance of our brands through effective marketing and other measures. A serious breach of our quality assurance or quality control procedures
 deterioration of our quality image
 impairment of our customer or consumer relationships
 or failure to adequately protect the relevance of our brands
 which may lead to customers or consumers purchasing other brands or private label items that may or may not be manufactured by us
 could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time
 our customers evaluate their mix of branded and private label product offerings. If a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label
The food industry generally is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination
 product tampering
 product recall and consumer product liability claims. For instance
 we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated or damaged.&#160;We also may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products causes injury or illness. A product recall or an adverse result in any such litigation could cause consumers in our principal markets to lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients
 and have a negative effect on our business and financial results. Negative publicity about these concerns
 whether or not valid
Our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs
 and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years and consolidation could continue throughout the U.S.
 the European Union and other major markets. Such consolidation could present a challenge to margin growth and profitability in that it has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories
 resisting price increases
 demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products
Our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather
 growing and harvesting conditions
 market conditions
 governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. The most significant raw materials used by us in our business are dairy products
 pepper
 rice
 capsicums (red pepper and paprika)
 onion
 soybean oil and wheat. While future price movements of raw material costs are uncertain
 we seek to mitigate the market price risk in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery and customer price adjustments. We generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose
 it has not been material to our business. Any actions we take in response to market price fluctuations may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in raw material prices. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future raw material price fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business
In addition
 we may have very little opportunity to mitigate the risk of availability of certain raw materials due to the effect of weather on crop yield
 government actions
 political unrest in producing countries
 changes in agricultural programs and other factors beyond our control. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future raw material availability will not have a negative impact on our business
 financial condition
Political
 socio-economic and cultural conditions
 as well as disruptions caused by terrorist activities
 could also create additional risks for food safety. Although we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our imported products
 we cannot provide assurance that such events will not have a negative impact on our business
The food industry is intensely competitive. Competition in our product categories is based on price
 product innovation
 product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. From time to time
 we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures
Food products are extensively regulated in many of the countries in which we sell our products. We are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations relating to the sourcing
 manufacture
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
 and distribution of food products
 including laws and regulations relating to financial reporting requirements
 the environment
 relations with distributors and retailers
 employment
 health and safety and trade practices. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal requirements
 and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements
 may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations
 financial or otherwise
 that could adversely affect our business
Our operations may be impaired as a result of disasters
We could have an interruption in our business
 loss of inventory or data
 be rendered unable to accept and fulfill customer orders as a result of a natural disaster
 catastrophic event
 epidemic or computer system failure. Natural disasters could include an earthquake
 fire
 flood
 tornado or severe storm. A catastrophic event could include a terrorist attack. An epidemic could affect our operating activities
 major facilities or employees&#8217; and customers&#8217; health. In addition
 some of our inventory and production facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to harsh weather; a major storm
We cannot provide assurance that our disaster recovery plan will address all of the issues we may encounter in the event of a disaster or other unanticipated issue
 and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur from any of the foregoing. In the event that a natural disaster
 terrorist attack
 or other catastrophic event were to destroy any part of our facilities or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time
 or if harsh weather or health conditions prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner
 our business
We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition
From time to time
 we may acquire other businesses and
 based on an evaluation of our business portfolio
 divest existing businesses. These acquisitions
 joint ventures and divestitures may present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
 including diversion of management attention from existing businesses
 difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 increased expenses
 assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. In addition
 we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses which may reduce our profitability. If we are unable to consummate such transactions
 or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings
 our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally
 joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations
 thereby potentially increasing the financial
 legal
We operate our business and market our products internationally. In fiscal year 2012
 approximately 40% of our sales were generated in foreign countries. Our foreign operations are subject to additional risks
 including fluctuations in currency values
 foreign currency exchange controls
 discriminatory fiscal policies
 compliance with U.S. and foreign laws
 enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and other economic or political uncertainties. Beginning in 2011
 several countries within the European Union experienced sovereign debt and credit issues. This has caused more volatility in the economic environment throughout the European Union. Additionally
 international sales are subject to risks related to imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other similar restrictions. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the value of foreign currency investments in subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and cash flows related to repatriation of these investments. Primary exposures include the British pound sterling versus the Euro
 and the U.S. dollar versus the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Australian dollar
 Mexican peso
 Chinese renminbi
 Indian rupee and Thai baht. We routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to facilitate managing certain of these foreign currency risks. However
 these contracts may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to a decline in operating results due to foreign currency exchange changes. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business
We had total outstanding short-term borrowings of $140 million at an average interest rate of approximately 0.4% on November&#160;30
 2012. Our policy is to manage our interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing cost and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including interest rate exposures that exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instruments. Our use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the utilization of written guidelines. However
 our use of these instruments may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in interest rates. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future interest rate increases will not have a material negative impact on our business
 financial position
We rely on our revolving credit facilities
 or borrowings backed by these facilities
 to fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. If any of the banks in the syndicates backing these facilities were unable to perform on its commitments
 our liquidity could be impacted
 which could adversely affect funding of seasonal working capital requirements. We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. During these communications none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition
 we periodically review our banking and financing relationships
 considering the stability of the institutions
 pricing we receive on services
 and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities
In addition
 global capital markets have experienced volatility that has tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding. In the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. Our inability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period could have an adverse impact on our operations
We hold investments in equity and debt securities in our qualified defined benefit pension plans and in a rabbi trust for our U.S. non-qualified pension plan. Deterioration in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn or otherwise
 or an increase in the actuarial valuation of the plans liability due to a low interest rate environment
 could cause (or increase) an underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans
 thereby increasing our obligation to make contributions to the plans. An obligation to make contributions to pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses
 and may have an adverse impact on our operations
Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers
 some of which are highly leveraged. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels through our customer base. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Current credit markets are volatile
information technology systems to manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
Furthermore
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to security breaches beyond our control. We invest in security technology to protect our data and business processes against risk of data security breaches and cyber attacks. While we believe these measures are adequate in preventing security breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks and we have yet to experience any breach
As a global business
 our tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors
legislation
 our global mix of earnings
 the tax characteristics of our income
impairments
 acquisitions and dispositions
 adjustments to our reserves related to uncertain tax positions
In addition
 significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when
 despite the belief that our tax return positions are fully supported
 the positions are uncertain. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to the accruals
 including related interest and penalties
 as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise
Our principal executive offices and primary research facilities are owned and are located in suburban Baltimore
The following is a list of our principal manufacturing properties
 all of which are owned except for the facilities in Commerce
 California and Melbourne
 Australia
 and a portion of the facility in Littleborough
 England
Hunt Valley
Gretna
South Bend
Atlanta
Commerce
Irving
London
Haddenham
Littleborough
In addition to distribution facilities and warehouse space available at our manufacturing facilities
 we lease regional distribution facilities in Belcamp
 Maryland; Salinas
 California; Irving
 Texas; Mississauga and London
 Ontario Canada; and Genvilliers
 France and own distribution facilities in Monteux
 France. We also own
 lease or contract other properties used for manufacturing consumer and industrial products and for sales
 warehousing
We believe our plants are well maintained and suitable for their intended use. We further believe that these plants generally have adequate capacity or the ability to expand
 and can accommodate seasonal demands
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
We have disclosed in note 16 of the financial statements the information relating to the market price and dividends paid on our classes of common stock. The market price of our common stock at the close of business on December&#160;31
Our Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (&#8220;NYSE&#8221;). The approximate number of holders of our common stock based on record ownership as of December&#160;31
Common Stock
2
Common Stock Non-Voting
10
September&#160;1
September&#160;30
CS-25
CSNV-138
25
138
October&#160;1
October&#160;31
CS-2
CSNV-204
2
204
November&#160;1
November&#160;30
CSNV-152
152
CS-28
CSNV-495
28
495
As of November&#160;30
 2012
In certain circumstance
 we issue shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV
 or issue shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS
 in either case pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. Typically
 these exchanges are made in connection with the administration of our employee benefit plans
 executive compensation programs and dividend reinvestment/direct purchase plans. The number of shares issued in an exchange is generally equal to the number of shares received in the exchange
 although the number may differ slightly to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. During fiscal 2012
 we issued 1
468
911 shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS and issued 118
4
3
3
3
3
Closing price
4
4
3
3
3
1
1
1
1
1
1
The historical financial summary includes the impact of certain items that affect the comparability of financial results year to year. In 2010
 we had the benefit of the reversal of a significant tax accrual and
 in 2008 and 2009
 restructuring charges were recorded. Also
&#32;brand. Related to the acquisition of Lawry&#8217;s in 2008
The following Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) is intended to help the reader understand McCormick&#160;&amp; Company Incorporated
 our operations and our present business environment. MD&amp;A is provided as a supplement to
 and should be read in conjunction with
McCormick is a global leader in flavor. The company manufactures
 markets and distributes spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry&#8211;retail outlets
 food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. We manage our business in two operating segments
Our strategy for growth is to increase sales and profit by investing in the business and fueling that investment with our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement - CCI - cost savings. CCI is our ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization. Our long-term annual growth objectives are to increase sales 4% to 6%
 increase operating income 7% to 9% and increase earnings per share 9% to 11%. Over time
 we expect similar contributions to sales growth largely from three sources: 1) our base business&#8211;driven by brand marketing support
 expanded distribution and category growth; 2) product innovation; and 3) acquisitions. In addition to fueling sales growth
Our business generates strong cash flow and we have a balanced use of cash
 funding dividends
 which we have increased in each of the past 27 years
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and share repurchases. Each year
In 2012
 our financial results were at or above these long-term goals. Sales grew 9%
 exceeding the long-term objective of 4% to 6%
 due to increased pricing taken in response to significant increases in raw and packaging material costs
 as well as incremental sales from three acquisitions completed in 2011. The increase in operating income of 7%
 was within our long-term goal
 but below our expectations of 9% to 11% growth in 2012.  Earnings per share rose 9% to $3.04 from $2.79 in 2011.  This growth was achieved with the increase in operating income and a favorable income tax rate
 offset in part by lower income from unconsolidated operations which were under pressure from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates
We generated strong cash flow in 2012.  Net cash provided by operating activities reached a $455 million
 a 34% increase from $340 million in 2011. In addition to higher net income
 inventory was unchanged in 2012 in contrast to a significant increase in 2011 that was driven by higher costs
Along with our solid financial performance
 there were a number of important accomplishments in 2012
We launched more than 250 branded products for our consumer business and across both businesses
Due in part to acquisitions completed in 2011
 sales in emerging markets rose 47% to reach 14% of net sales
4
3
Sales for the fiscal year rose 8.6% from 2011 with strong growth in both of our consumer and industrial businesses. Pricing actions
 taken in response to increased raw material and packaging costs
 added 4.4% to sales.  The incremental impact of acquisitions completed in 2011 accounted for a 4.3% increase to sales
 and increased volume and product mix in the base business added 1.4% to sales.  The impact of foreign exchange rates was unfavorable in 2012
1
1
In 2012
 gross profit increased 6.3%
 however our gross profit margin declined 90 basis points. In fiscal year 2012
 we were able to offset the dollar impact of a high single digit increase in raw material and packaging costs with our pricing actions and CCI cost savings.  In 2012
 CCI cost savings totaled $56 million of which $39 million lowered cost of goods sold.  While pricing and CCI cost savings offset the dollar impact of increased material costs
 the net impact of these factors caused downward pressure on gross profit as a percentage of net sales. Margins were further pressured by our mix of sales in 2012
 as sales in international markets grew at a faster rate than in the U.S.
In 2013 we expect material cost inflation to moderate to an increase of approximately 3%. Due to the low interest rate environment
Selling
1
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased 5.8% in 2012 from 2011
 but decreased as a percentage of net sales for those same time periods.  The decrease in SG&amp;A as a percent of net sales was primarily driven by a leveraging effect of our higher sales on these costs.  We had a benefit from CCI cost savings that lowered SG&amp;A $17 million in 2012 and a favorable comparison to 2011 when SG&amp;A included $10.9 million of transaction costs related to completed acquisitions
During 2012
 we increased brand marketing support by $11.0 million to $198.3 million. A large portion of this increase was in digital marketing
In 2013
 due to the low interest rate environment
Other income
In 2012
In 2010
 the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) commenced an examination of our U.S. federal income tax return for the 2007 and 2008 tax years. During the course of the examination
 we held discussions with the IRS on certain issues and in October 2012 we received proposed adjustments for these tax years. In November 2012 we deposited $18.8 million with the IRS to stop any potential interest on these proposed adjustments. We believe we have established appropriate deferred taxes or tax accruals under US&#160;GAAP for these issues in prior periods. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of uncertain tax positions
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome. We will continue to update these unrecognized tax benefits
 and the related interest
In addition
Income from unconsolidated operations decreased $3.9 million in 2012 compared to 2011.  Most of this decrease is attributable to our largest joint venture
 McCormick de Mexico
 which was negatively impacted by an unfavorable foreign exchange rate between the Mexican peso an the U.S. dollar for most of 2012. While this business grew sales 6%
In 2012
We reported diluted earnings per share of $3.04 in 2012
2
2
We grew consumer business sales 9.8% in 2012 when compared to 2011
In the Americas
 consumer business sales rose 4.0%
 primarily as a result of pricing actions which added 4.5%. These pricing actions
 taken in response to an increase in material costs
&#32;added 0.8% to sales
 volume and product mix reduced sales by 1.1% and foreign exchange rates reduced sales by 0.2%. While higher prices had an unfavorable impact on volume and product mix
 we offset this in part with our initiatives to drive growth through new product introductions and brand marketing. In 2012
 our new product launches included a line of gourmet recipe mixes
 authentic Hispanic recipe mixes
 Zatarain's frozen Dinners for Two
 new varieties of Grill Mates
 and in Canada
 Club House brand grinders.  A portion of our incremental brand marketing support was in support of our new products. We also increased our digital marketing activity
 which offers a more personal way to interact with consumers. Recipe views at www.mccormick.com rose 30% in 2012 and our Facebook fan base grew to 1.5 million. In 2011
 we reported that an estimated $10 million in sales shifted from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010
In Europe
 the Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
 consumer business sales increased 15.3%
 with our 2011 acquisition of Kamis adding 16.9% to sales. Unfavorable foreign currency decreased sales 5.7%.  In local currency and excluding the impact of acquisitions
 we grew sales 4.1% with 2.9% from volume and product mix and 1.2% from pricing actions.  During 2012
 we successfully completed the integration of Kamis and sales from this Poland-based business benefited from particular strength in its subsidiary in Russia.  For the base business in EMEA
 strong execution behind product innovation
 brand marketing and new distribution enabled us to achieve growth in a difficult economic environment.  We have moved to a masterbrand approach to gain synergies and efficiencies in product development and brand marketing support across our country-specific brands.  New products introduced in 2012 included Bag 'n Season
 Grill Mates
In the Asia/Pacific region
 sales rose 65.3%. The impact of our 2011 Kohinoor joint venture added 53.8% to sales and favorable foreign exchange rates added 0.4%. We grew sales in local currency
 excluding the impact of Kohinoor
 11.1% with 7.7% from volume and product mix and 3.4% from pricing.  This increase was driven by China where we achieved rapid sales growth of 23.1% based largely on increased consumer demand.  In our other market
 Australia
 we grew sales 2.9% despite a difficult competitive environment
Consumer business operating income rose to $456.1 million from $428.4 million in 2011
 a 6.4% increase. The growth in operating income was the result of higher sales and CCI savings. Also
 operating income in 2011 included the impact of $10.9 million of transaction costs related to the completion of acquisitions that year. In 2012
 we invested $13.2 million in additional brand marketing support. Operating income margin was 18.9% in 2012 compared to 19.5% in 2011. This reduction is due in part to the mix of business across regions
 as sales in international markets grew at a faster rate than in the U.S.
1
1
Sales for the industrial business grew 6.8% from 2011.  Pricing actions taken to offset the impact of higher material costs added 5.3%
 while volume and product mix added 3.1% and unfavorable foreign exchange rates decreased sales 1.6%. Both food manufacturers and foodservice customers continue to have an interest in products that feature all natural ingredients
In the Americas
 we grew industrial business sales 8.2%
 with 6.4% from pricing actions and a 2.8% increase from favorable volume and product mix
 partially offset by a decrease of 1.0% from unfavorable foreign exchange rates. We grew sales of seasonings and flavors to a number of food manufacturers and also increased sales of branded items to foodservice distributors. However
 for the quick service restaurant industry
In EMEA
 industrial business sales rose 5.5%
 with a strong 7.7% increase in volume and product mix
 as well as a 3.6% increase from pricing actions. These were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates that reduced sales by 5.8%. Demand from quick service restaurants remains robust
 and we are meeting this demand with products that we supply from our facilities in the U.K.
Industrial business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 1.1%. Higher pricing added 2.4% and favorable foreign exchange rates added 1.2%
 while volume and product mix declined 2.5%.  By comparison
 volume and product mix for our industrial business in the Asia/Pacific region rose 10.7% in 2011 and included a significant impact from new product introductions and regional expansion by quick service restaurants. While we did not have a similar incremental benefit from new product and customer promotion activity in 2012
Industrial business operating income increased to $122.2 million from $111.9 million in 2011
3
3
Sales for the fiscal year rose 10.8% from 2010 with double-digit growth in both of our consumer and industrial businesses. Our pricing actions
 which were  taken to offset the impact of steep increases in material costs
 added 4.6% to sales
 and favorable foreign exchange rates increased sales another 2.1%. New product introductions
 expanded distribution and brand marketing support led to favorable volume and product mix
 which combined
1
1
In 2011
 gross profit increased 7.4%
 however our gross profit margin declined 130 basis points. In fiscal year 2011
 we experienced a double digit increase in raw material and packaging costs. While we were able to offset the dollar impact of these costs with our pricing actions and CCI cost savings
 the net impact of these factors caused downward pressure on gross profit as a percentage of net sales. In addition
 we had a negative effect on gross margin from product and segment mix in the year. Product mix was unfavorable in our industrial business with an increased demand for ingredients and weak demand for branded foodservice products during this period. Unfavorable segment mix was due to the higher sales growth rate of our industrial business
 which has lower gross margin than our consumer business. CCI cost savings totaled $65 million in 2011
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses in total dollars increased in 2011 compared to 2010
 but decreased as a percentage of net sales for those same time periods. The increase in total dollars was largely driven by higher incremental brand marketing support
During 2011
 we increased brand marketing support by $20.1 million or 12%. A portion of this increase was in digital marketing
 which is one of our highest return investments in brand marketing support. We nearly doubled our digital marketing in the past year
 including a program behind Grill Mates in the U.S. that contributed to a 7% unit increase in 2011. We also increased support behind our Hispanic products in the U.S.
Other income
Interest expense for 2011 was higher than the prior year. This was caused by higher average debt balances
The increase in the tax rate in 2011 was due to a lower level of net discrete tax benefits
 decreased U.S. foreign tax credits in the current year as compared to the prior year
In 2010
 U.S. foreign tax credits included the impact of a $108.5 million repatriation of cash from foreign subsidiaries. Due to the mix of foreign earnings related to this cash
In addition
Income from unconsolidated operations decreased $0.1 million in 2011 compared to 2010. We increased income with our unconsolidated joint venture in India
 Eastern Condiments
 which was completed late in fiscal year 2010. This was offset by investment spending behind our new joint venture in Turkey and decreases in some of our smaller joint ventures. Our largest joint venture
 McCormick de Mexico
 had net income comparable to the prior year. While this business grew sales 12%
We own a 26% share in our Eastern Condiments joint venture and on average own 50% of our other unconsolidated joint ventures. In 2011
 sales of these joint ventures grew 32% to $709 million (at 100% of these businesses) with many products marketed under the McCormick name. The Eastern Condiments joint venture added 18%
We reported diluted earnings per share of $2.79 in 2011
2
1
We grew consumer business sales 10.0% in 2011 when compared to 2010. Higher pricing added 5.1% and favorable foreign exchange rates added 1.8%. Volume and product mix rose 3.1%
In the Americas
 consumer business sales rose 8.2%
 primarily as a result of pricing actions which added 6.0%. Our acquisition of Kitchen Basics added 1.1% to sales
 other increases in volume and product mix added 0.4% and favorable foreign exchange rates added 0.7%. Increased pricing unfavorably impacted volume and product mix during 2011. In addition
 an estimated $10 million in sales shifted from the first quarter of 2011 into the fourth quarter of 2010
 as a result of customer purchases in advance of a late 2010 price increase. However
 the impact of these reductions to volume and product mix were more than offset by a favorable impact of product innovation
 brand marketing support and expanded distribution. New products introduced in 2011 included new Recipe Inspirations
 grinders
 Grill Mates and reduced sodium dry seasoning mixes. We had particular success with new Zatarain&#8217;s frozen entrees which helped contribute to a 40% increase in sales of Zatarain&#8217;s frozen products. A portion of our incremental brand marketing support was directed toward a new advertising campaign for dry seasoning mixes
 a Hispanic marketing program that included sampling
 and a digital marketing program behind Grill Mates which contributed to a 7% unit increase in Grill Mates sales. New distribution was gained for both brand and private label items in a variety of retail channels that included grocery
 warehouse clubs
In Europe
 the Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
 consumer business sales increased 13.5%. Our acquisition of Kamis added 6.5% to sales
 favorable foreign exchange rates added 4.2% and pricing actions added 2.8%. In our largest market
 France
 we achieved solid growth with higher pricing
 which was slightly offset by lower volume and product mix. We introduced nearly 40 new products in this market
 including an organic line of Ducros spices and herbs and a number of Vahin&#233; dessert items
 and gained new distribution with a large grocery retailer. A highly competitive retail environment in the U.K. made sales growth in this market a challenge
 even with the introduction of new products and distribution gains into smaller store formats with a major customer. We adapted to this environment by redirecting a portion of our brand marketing support to emphasize the value of our products
 accelerating the introduction of new products and working to achieve secondary placement of our brand in retail stores. Export sales into developing markets contributed to growth in 2011 and we improved results in smaller markets such as Spain and Portugal
Consumer business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 22.5%. Favorable foreign exchange rates added 9.4% to sales
 the impact of our new Kohinoor joint venture added 9.1% to sales
 other increases in volume and product mix added 2.0% and pricing actions added 2.0%. Sales in China grew 10% in local currency during the year as a result of pricing actions
 product introductions and new television advertising. Our business in Australia was unfavorably impacted by a challenging competitive environment
Consumer business operating income increased $26.0 million to $428.4 million
 a 6.5% increase from 2010. The profit impact of higher sales and CCI savings were offset in part by increased material costs. We also funded an increased investment in brand marketing support which rose $15 million in 2011
 including a $4 million increase that related to acquisitions. Profit from our 2011 acquisitions had a minimal impact on 2011 operating income during a period of integration. In 2011
 we recorded $10.9 million of transaction costs related to acquisitions completed in 2011
1
1
Sales for the industrial business grew 11.9% from 2010
In the Americas
 industrial business sales rose 10.2%
 with a 4.7% increase from favorable volume and product mix
 4.5% from pricing actions and 1.0% from favorable foreign exchange rates. Strong sales to food manufacturers were driven in part by the development of new products and increased demand for snack seasonings and ingredients
 particularly in the U.S. and Mexico. While sales to the foodservice industry were favorably impacted by product introductions
 a number of our customers were impacted by the weak economy. Both food manufacturers and foodservice customers continue to have an interest in products that feature all natural ingredients
In EMEA
 industrial business sales rose 12.3%
 with a 5.8% increase from favorable volume and product mix
 2.9% from pricing actions and 3.6% from favorable foreign exchange rates. As in 2010
 demand from quick service restaurants was high and continued to be the key sales driver in this region. We had particular strength in the sales of products that we manufacture in our facilities in the U.K.
 Turkey and South Africa for these customers
Industrial business sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 22.0%. Favorable volume and product mix grew sales 10.7%
 favorable foreign exchange rates added 9.0% and increased pricing actions added 2.3%. As in EMEA
 sales to quick service restaurants were a source of strong growth in 2011. The rapid expansion of quick service restaurants in this region and our new product activity contributed to a 15% increase of industrial business sales in China when measured in local currency. We also supported the expansion of quick service restaurants into India
Industrial business operating income increased $4.5 million to $111.9 million
 a 4.2% increase from 2010. The profit impact of higher sales and CCI cost savings were offset in part by increased material costs and an investment in our branded foodservice business with $5 million of incremental marketing support. The net effect of these items
 along with our sales mix of products during 2011
 led to a decline in industrial business operating income margin to 7.5% from 8.0% in 2011. Since 2005 we have improved the operating income margin of this business and expect to achieve further improvements in margin in a less volatile input cost environment and as a result of our development of more value-added
In 2010 our discrete tax benefits included a $13.9 million reversal of a tax accrual for a closed tax year. This tax accrual was recorded in a prior period based on uncertainties about the tax aspects of transactions related to the reorganization of our European operations and divestment of certain of our joint ventures. We are treating this $13.9 million discrete tax benefit as a non-GAAP adjustment to our diluted earnings per share. We are providing non-GAAP results that exclude the impact of this reversal as the item to which it relates was recorded as a restructuring charge
These non-GAAP measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP
 but they should not be considered a substitute for
 or superior to
 GAAP results. We intend to continue to provide these non-GAAP financial measures as part of our future earnings discussions and
 therefore
In addition to the non-GAAP measures for net income and diluted earnings per share
 we use total debt to earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) as a measure of leverage. EBITDA and the ratio of total debt to EBITDA are both non-GAAP financial measures. This ratio measures our ability to repay outstanding debt obligations. Our target for total debt to EBITDA
 excluding the temporary impact from acquisition activity
We define EBITDA as net income plus expenses of interest
 income taxes
1
1
We generate strong cash flow from operations which enables us to fund operating projects and investments that are designed to meet our growth objectives
 increase our dividend
 fund capital projects and make share repurchases when appropriate. In 2013
 we expect to continue our share repurchase activity and use a portion of our cash flow from operations to help fund our acquisition of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co.
 Ltd.
In the cash flow statement
 the changes in operating assets and liabilities are presented excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 as these do not reflect actual cash flows. Accordingly
The reported values of our assets and liabilities held in our non-U.S. subsidiaries and affiliates can be significantly affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between periods. At November&#160;30
 2012
 the exchange rates for the Canadian dollar
 Australian dollar
 Polish zloty and British pound sterling were slightly higher versus the U.S. dollar compared to 2011. At November 30
 2012
 the exchange rate for the Euro and Indian rupee versus the U.S. dollar were lower than at November 30
&#32;When 2012 is compared to 2011
 the increase in operating cash flow was led by a small decrease in inventory
 whereas in 2011 we had a significant increase in inventory. In addition
 we generated cash from higher net income in 2012. Our total pension contributions were $104.3 million in 2012 as compared to $42.7 million in 2011
When 2011 is compared to 2010
In addition to operating cash flow
 we also use cash conversion cycle (CCC) to measure our working capital management. This metric is different than operating cash flow in that it uses average balances instead of specific point in time measures. CCC is a calculation of the number of days
 on average
 that it takes us to convert a cash outlay for resources
 such as raw materials
&#32;The changes in cash used in investing activities from 2010 to 2012 were primarily due to fluctuations in cash used for acquisition of businesses and joint venture interests in 2011 and 2010 with no acquisitions in 2012. We invested $441.4 million and $46.9 million in acquisitions and joint venture interests in 2011 and 2010
 respectively. See note 2 of the financial statements for further details of these acquisitions. Capital expenditures were $110.3 million in 2012
&#32;The change in cash flow from financing activities from 2010 to 2012 is primarily due to a change in net borrowings. In 2012
 we repaid borrowings of $80.5 million
 including short-term borrowings of $76.6 million. In 2011
 we issued $250 million of 3.90% notes due 2021
 with net cash proceeds received of $247.5 million. The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund in part our acquisition of Kamis. In 2011
 we also increased our short-term borrowings by $216.7 million and repaid $100.0 million in long-term debt. In 2010
 we repaid borrowings of $114.0 million
In June 2010
 our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to purchase up to $400 million of our outstanding shares. In September 2010
 we completed a $400 million share repurchase program authorized by the Board in June 2005. As of November&#160;30
 2012
The common stock issued in 2012
In November 2012
 the Board of Directors approved a 9.7% increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.31 to $0.34 per share. During the past five years
The changes in our total debt to EBITDA from 2010 to 2012 are mainly due to changes in our debt in conjunction with acquisition activity and subsequent reduction of that debt. In 2011
 we increased our debt levels to help fund our Kohinoor
 Kamis and Kitchen Basics acquisitions. During 2012
Most of our cash is in our foreign subsidiaries. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. The permanent repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences; however
 those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations
 capital projects and future acquisitions. At year-end
 we temporarily used $165.6 million of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to pay down short-term debt in the U.S. The average short-term borrowings outstanding for the years ended November&#160;30
 2012 and 2011 were $417.2 million and $344.0 million
 respectively. The total average debt outstanding for the years ended November&#160;30
 2012 and 2011 was $1
422.2 million and $1
261.5 million
In November 2012
 we entered into a total of $50 million of forward starting interest rate swap agreements to manage our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of at least $50 million of fixed rates notes by August 2013. We intend to issue fixed rate notes in 2013 to retire the $250 million of notes that are coming due in September 2013. We intend to cash settle these swap agreements upon issuance of the fixed rate notes thereby effectively locking in the interest rate in effect at the time the swap agreements were initiated. The fixed rate of these agreements is 1.90%. We have designated these forward starting interest rate swap agreements
 which expire on August 28
 2013
In May and June 2011
 we entered into a total of $200 million of forward U.S. Treasury rate lock agreements to manage the U.S. Treasury portion of our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in July 2011. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
&#32;While global and European credit markets have stabilized in 2012
&#8211; Cash flows from operating activities are our primary source of liquidity for funding growth
 dividends and capital expenditures. For 2012
 the second half of 2010 and the first half of 2011
 we also used this cash to make share repurchases. In the first half of 2010
 we used operating cash flow to pay down debt incurred in the Lawry&#8217;s acquisition and did not repurchase shares. In the second half of 2011
 we used operating cash flow to help fund our 2011 acquisitions of Kamis
 Kohinoor and Kitchen Basics. We also rely on our revolving credit facility
 or borrowings backed by this facility
 to fund seasonal working capital needs and other general corporate requirements. Our major revolving credit facility has a total committed capacity of $600 million
 which expires in 2016. We generally use this facility to support our issuance of commercial paper. If the commercial paper market is not available or viable we could borrow directly under our revolving credit facility. The facility is made available by a syndicate of banks
 with various commitments per bank. If any of the banks in this syndicate are unable to perform on their commitments
 our liquidity could be impacted
 which could reduce our ability to grow through funding of seasonal working capital. In addition to our committed revolving credit facility
 we have uncommitted credit facilities for $55.5 million as of November&#160;30
 2012. We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our credit facilities. During these communications none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition
 we periodically review our banking and financing relationships
 considering the stability of the institutions and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities
&#8211; We hold investments in equity and debt securities in both our qualified defined benefit pension plans and through a rabbi trust for our nonqualified defined benefit pension plan. Cash payments to pension plans
 including unfunded plans
 were $104.3 million in 2012
 $42.7 million in 2011 and $49.5 million in 2010. Our cash contributions in 2012 include a $35 million contribution made late in the fiscal year to bring the pension plan's funding status within company guidelines. It is expected that the 2013 total pension plan contributions will be approximately $45 million. Future increases or decreases in pension liabilities and required cash contributions are highly dependent on changes in interest rates and the actual return on plan assets. We base our investment of plan assets
 in part
 on the duration of each plan&#8217;s liabilities. Across all plans
 approximately 60% of assets are invested in equities
In August 2012
 we signed an agreement to purchase the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co.
 Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China. The completion of the acquisition is expected to occur in mid-2013
 subject to regulatory approval
 and will be included in our consumer business segment. We have agreed to acquire the company for approximately $141 million
In 2011
 we purchased the assets of Kitchen Basics
 Inc.
 based in the U.S.
 for $40 million and the shares of Kamis S.A.
 based in Poland for $287 million. Both deals are consumer businesses and were financed with a combination of cash and debt. We also completed a joint venture with Kohinoor Foods Ltd. In India. We invested $113 million for an 85% interest in Kohinoor Speciality Foods India Private Limited
Below is a line graph comparing the yearly change in McCormick&#8217;s cumulative total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends) on McCormick&#8217;s Non-Voting Common Stock with (1)&#160;the cumulative total return of the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Stock Price Index
 assuming reinvestment of dividends
 and (2)&#160;the cumulative total return of the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s Packaged Foods&#160;&amp; Meats Index
We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign exchange and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
&#32;We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the value of foreign currency investments in subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and cash flows related to repatriation of these investments. Primary exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Australian dollar
 Mexican peso
 Chinese renminbi
 Indian rupee
 Thai baht
During 2012
 the foreign currency translation component in other comprehensive income was principally related to the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net investments in France
 the U.K.
 Poland
The following table summarizes the foreign currency exchange contracts held at November&#160;30
 2012. All contracts are valued in U.S. dollars using year-end 2012 exchange rates and have been designated as hedges of foreign currency transactional exposures
&#32;FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CONTRACTS AT NOVEMBER 30
We have a number of smaller contracts with an aggregate notional value of $4.7 million to purchase or sell other currencies
 such as the Swiss franc and the Singapore dollar as of November&#160;30
 2012. The aggregate fair value of these contracts was $0.1 million at November&#160;30
At November&#160;30
 2011
 we had foreign currency exchange contracts for the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Australian dollar and Thai baht with a notional value of $127.6 million
 all of which matured in 2012. The aggregate fair value of these contracts was $2.3 million at November&#160;30
&#32;Our policy is to manage interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. The table that follows provides principal cash flows and related interest rates
 excluding the effect of interest rate swaps and the amortization of any discounts or fees
 by fiscal year of maturity at November&#160;30
 2012 and 2011. For foreign currency-denominated debt
YEAR OF MATURITY AT NOVEMBER 30
1
1
YEAR OF MATURITY AT NOVEMBER 30
1
1
The table above displays the debt by the terms of the original debt instrument without consideration of fair value
&#8211; We purchase certain raw materials which are subject to price volatility caused by weather
 market conditions
 growing and harvesting conditions
 governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. Our most significant raw materials are dairy products
 pepper
 rice
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 soybean oil and wheat. While future movements of raw material costs are uncertain
 we respond to this volatility in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery and customer price adjustments. We generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose
&#8211; The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
The following table reflects a summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of November&#160;30
1
1
In 2013
 our pension and postretirement contributions are expected to be approximately $45 million. Pension and postretirement funding can vary significantly each year due to changes in legislation
 our significant assumptions and investment return on plan assets. As a result
We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of November&#160;30
In preparing the financial statements
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expense amounts reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information disclosed by us
 including information about contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe
 given current facts and circumstances
 our estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 adhere to U.S. GAAP and are consistently applied. Inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates
 and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. In preparing the financial statements
 we make routine estimates and judgments in determining the net realizable value of accounts receivable
 inventory
In several of our major geographic markets
 the consumer business sells our products by entering into annual or multi-year customer contracts. These contracts include provisions for items such as sales discounts
 marketing allowances and performance incentives. These items are expensed based on certain estimated criteria such as sales volume of indirect customers
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units are the same as our operating segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model. Our discounted cash flow model calculates fair value by present valuing future expected cash flows of our reporting units using our internal cost of capital as the discount rate. We then compare this fair value to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value. As of November&#160;30
 2012
 we had $1
695.3 million of goodwill recorded in our balance sheet ($1
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a discounted cash flow model or relief-from-royalty method and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. As of November&#160;30
 2012
Below is a table which outlines the book value of our major brand names and trademarks as of November&#160;30
We estimate income taxes and file tax returns in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate and are required to file a tax return. At the end of each year
 an estimate for income taxes is recorded in the financial statements. Tax returns are generally filed in the third or fourth quarter of the subsequent year. A reconciliation of the estimate to the final tax return is done at that time which will result in changes to the original estimate. We believe that our tax return positions are fully supported
 but tax authorities may challenge certain positions. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions in accordance with the U.S. GAAP guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. We believe that our reserve for uncertain tax positions
 including related interest
 is adequate. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and therefore could have a material impact on our tax provision
 net income and cash flows. Management has recorded valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. In doing so
Pension and other postretirement plans&#8217; costs require the use of assumptions for discount rates
 investment returns
 projected salary increases
 mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. The actuarial assumptions used in our pension and postretirement benefit reporting are reviewed annually and compared with external benchmarks to ensure that they appropriately account for our future pension and postretirement benefit obligations. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate
 differences between assumed and actual experience may affect our operating results. A 1% increase or decrease in the actuarial assumption for the discount rate would impact 2013 pension and postretirement benefit expense by approximately $20 million. A 1% increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would impact 2013 pension expense by approximately $8 million. In addition
We estimate the fair value of our stock-based compensation using fair value pricing models which require the use of significant assumptions for expected volatility of stock
We are also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We maintain a system of internal control that is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the fair and reliable preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements
Our control environment is the foundation for our system of internal control over financial reporting and is embodied in our Business Ethics Policy. It sets the tone of our organization and includes factors such as integrity and ethical values. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by formal policies and procedures which are reviewed
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
 which is composed solely of independent directors
 meets periodically with members of management
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls
 evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls
 testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Although there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting
 based on our evaluation
 we have concluded with reasonable assurance that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of November&#160;30
Our internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
Chairman
Gordon M. Stetz
Kenneth A Kelly
McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We have audited McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2012
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
In our opinion
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated as of November&#160;30
 2012 and 2011 and the related consolidated income statements
 statements of shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
 2012
 and our report dated January&#160;25
Baltimore
January&#160;25
McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated as of November&#160;30
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated income statements
 statements of shareholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flow statements for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated at November&#160;30
 2012 and 2011
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
 2012
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2012
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated January&#160;25
Baltimore
January&#160;25
4
3
3
2
2
1
1
1
1
Selling
1
Other income
Trade accounts receivable
1
1
Property
 plant and equipment
1
1
Intangible assets
4
4
1
1
2
2
Common stock
2012&#8211;12.4 shares
Common stock non-voting
2012&#8211;120.1 shares
1
1
4
4
Proceeds from sale of property
Short-term borrowings
Balance
 November 30
1
Change in derivative financial instruments
Unrealized components of pension plans
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
Change in derivative financial instruments
Unrealized components of pension plans
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
Change in derivative financial instruments
Unrealized components of pension plans
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
Property
Property
&#32;years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
&#32;years
November 30
 2012
November 30
November 30
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a discounted cash flow model or relief-from-royalty method and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer
 the product has been delivered to the customer
 the sales price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include consumer promotions
 point of sale materials and sampling programs. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through print
 television
 radio
 digital and in-store displays. These advertisements are expensed in the period in which they first run. Advertising expense was 
 
 
In June 2011
. This guidance is intended to increase the prominence of other comprehensive income in financial statements by presenting it in either a single statement or two-statement approach. This new accounting pronouncement is effective for our first quarter of 2013
 and we do not expect any material impact on our financial statements from adoption.
 we signed an agreement to purchase the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co.
 Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China. The completion of the acquisition is expected to occur in mid-
 subject to regulatory approval. WAPC manufactures and markets DaQiao and ChuShiLe brand bouillon products
 which have a leading position in the central region of China. At the time of the execution of the agreement
 annual sales of WAPC were approximately 
 which will be included in our consumer business segment following completion of the acquisition. We have agreed to acquire the company for approximately 
 subject to certain closing adjustments. 
&#32;interest in the joint venture
 Kohinoor Speciality Foods India Private Limited (Kohinoor)
&#32;at the time of the formation of the joint venture. During the fourth quarter of 2012
&#32;allocated to tangible net assets
&#32;allocated to other intangible assets
 
 we also purchased all of the outstanding shares of Kamis S.A. (Kamis)
 which produces and sells branded spices
 seasonings and mustards in Poland. Kamis also distributes products into Russia and parts of Central and Eastern Europe and had annual net sales of approximately 
 which was financed with a combination of cash and debt. Kamis is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. During the fourth quarter of 2012
&#32;allocated to tangible net assets
 
 we purchased the assets of Kitchen Basics
 Inc. (Kitchen Basics) for 
 financed with a combination of cash and debt. Kitchen Basics sells a brand of ready-to-serve
&#32;at the time of the acquisition. Kitchen Basics is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. During the third quarter of 2012
&#32;allocated to tangible net assets
The completion of the final valuations of Kohinoor
 Kamis and Kitchen Basics in 2012 did not result in material changes from the preliminary purchase price allocations so retrospective adjustments to prior financial statements were not necessary.
. Eastern
 based in India
 sells branded spices
November 30
 2012
&#32;in transaction-related expenses associated with the WAPC acquisition expected to be completed next year in selling
November 30
 2011
 we recorded 
 respectively
The unaudited proforma combined historical results
(millions
3
3
The proforma results include amortization of certain intangible assets and interest expense on debt assumed to finance the acquisitions based on the purchase price paid in 2011. These proforma results are not adjusted for changes in the business that will take place subsequent to our acquisition of these businesses. The proforma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of each fiscal period presented
November 30
1
1
1
1
2
2
065.3
 
 
November 30
 2012
November 30
1
1
1
1
November 30
 2012
 
 
&#32;interest in McCormick de Mexico
1
1
1
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2008
&#32;during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
November&#160;30
In July 2011
% notes due 2021
. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears in January and July of each year. Of these notes
&#32;were subject to interest rate hedges as further disclosed in note 6. The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund
 in part
We have available credit facilities with domestic and foreign banks for various purposes. Some of these lines are committed lines and others are uncommitted lines and could be withdrawn at various times. In June 2011
&#32;revolving credit facility
. The pricing for this credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
November 30
 2012
&#32;was used to support issued commercial paper. In addition
November 30
November 30
 2012
 respectively.
November 30
 2012
November 30
 2012
 we had outstanding letters of credit&#160;of 
November 30
We use derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
November 30
 2012
November 30
November 30
 2012
We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
In November 2012
. We have designated these forward starting interest rate swap agreements
 which expire on August 28
 2013
In May and June 2011
&#32;of forward U.S. Treasury rate lock agreements to manage the U.S. Treasury portion of our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in July 2011. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
In March 2006
. We designated these swaps
 which expire in 
November 30
 2012
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2012
November 30
1
1
1
1
Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
November 30
 2012
We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable
 prepaid allowances and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs and discount chains. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Because we have a large and diverse customer base with no single customer accounting for a significant percentage of trade accounts receivable
 there was no material concentration of credit risk in these accounts at November&#160;30
Fair value can be measured using valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
&#32;&#160;&#160;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
November 30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160;November&#160;30
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
November 30
&#32;net of tax) of actuarial losses
Annually
 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
Rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&#8217; funded status as of November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:
 respectively
November 30
 2012
November 30
 2012
November 30
 2012
November 30
 2012
The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
November 30
 2012
 by asset category
November 30
 2012
 by asset category
The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 7
November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
Net
Net
The value for the Level 3 hedge fund of funds&#8217; assets is determined by an administrator using financial statements of the underlying funds or estimates provided by fund managers. The value for the Level 3 private equity funds&#8217; assets is determined by the general partner or the general partner&#8217;s designee. In addition
 for the plans&#8217; Level 3 assets we engage an independent advisor to compare the funds&#8217; returns to other funds with similar strategies. Each fund is required to have an annual audit by an independent accountant
November 30
 2012
 respectively. Dividends paid on these shares were 
For the U.S. Defined Contribution Retirement Plan
&#32;of the participant&#8217;s salary
 and 
 
 
At the participant&#8217;s election
&#32;shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of 
November 30
&#32;years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&#160;31
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follow:
For 2013
&#32;types of stock-based compensation awards: restricted stock units (RSUs)
 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our mid-term incentive program (MTIP). Total stock-based compensation expense for 
 
 
November 30
For all awards
-year period. Upon exercise of the option
 shares would be issued from our authorized and unissued shares.
 
 
Under our stock option plans
November 30
 2012
November 30
 2012
 
 
November 30
In 2011
 we restructured our MTIP to deliver awards in a combination of cash and company stock. Prior to 2011
State income taxes
Other
November 30
 2012
 our non-U.S. subsidiaries have tax loss carryforwards of 
&#32;are from the excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation deductions which will increase equity once the benefit is realized through a reduction of income taxes payable. Of these carryforwards
&#32;expire through 2015
November 30
 2012
November 30
 2012
 we have tax credit carryforwards of 
 of which 
&#32;net increase in the valuation allowance was mainly due to to the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to a subsidiary's net operating loss which is now more likely than not to be realized
November 30
November 30
November 30
 2011
 respectively. If recognized
Balance at November&#160;30

November 30
 2012
 respectively
November 30
November 30
 2012
 we had accrued 
 respectively
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdictions. In major jurisdictions
In 2010
 the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) commenced an examination of our U.S. federal income tax return for the 2007 and 2008 tax years. During the course of the examination
 we have held discussions with the IRS on certain issues and in October 2012 we received proposed adjustments for these tax years. In November 2012 we deposited $18.8 million with the IRS to stop any potential interest on these proposed adjustments. We believe we have established appropriate deferred taxes or tax accruals under US&#160;GAAP for these issues in prior periods. We are also under normal recurring tax audits in several of our major operations outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 and the related interest
&#32;of the vote entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the Company and the sale of substantially all of our assets
During the normal course of our business
November 30
 2012
 no material reserves were recorded. No reserves are established for losses which are only reasonably possible. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss is inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However
We operate in two business segments: consumer and industrial. The consumer and industrial segments manufacture
 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under the &#8220;McCormick&#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s&#8221;
 &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s&#8221;
 &#8220;Simply Asia&#8221;
 &#8220;Thai Kitchen&#8221;
 &#8220;Ducros&#8221;
 &#8220;Vahin&#233;&#8221;
 &#8220;Schwartz&#8221;
 &#8220;Club House&#8221;
In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
We measure segment performance based on operating income. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
 evaluating performance or allocating capital. Therefore
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for 
Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
2
1
4
4
1
1
1
3
4
2
1
3
3
1
1
1
3
4
1
1
3
3
1
1
1
3
3
2
4
1
2
2
3
1
2
2
3
1
2
Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets
Supplemental income statement
Property
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable
1
1
Our management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
Management&#8217;s report on our internal control over financial reporting and the report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on internal control over financial reporting are included in our 2012 financial statements in Item&#160;8 of this Report under the captions entitled &#8220;Report of Management&#8221; and &#8220;Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.&#8221; No change occurred in our &#8220;internal control over financial reporting&#8221; (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) during our last fiscal quarter which has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM&#160;10.&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
Information responsive to this item is set forth in the sections titled &#8220;Corporate Governance
&#8221; &#8220;Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; in our 2013 Proxy Statement
 incorporated by reference herein
In addition to the executive officers described in the 2013 Proxy Statement incorporated by reference in this Item&#160;10 of this Report
 the following individuals are also executive officers of McCormick: W. Geoffrey Carpenter
 Kenneth A. Kelly
Mr.&#160;Carpenter is 60 years old and
 during the last five years
 has held the following positions with McCormick: December 2008 to present&#8211;Vice President
Mr.&#160;Kelly is 58 years old and
 during the last five years
Ms.&#160;Perich is 61 years old and
 during the last five years
 has held the following positions with McCormick: April 2010 to present&#8211;Senior Vice President&#8211;Human Relations; January 2007 to April 2010&#8211;Vice President&#8211;Human Relations; January 1997 to January 2007&#8211;Vice President&#8211;Human Relations
We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all employees
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer
 and our Board of Directors. A copy of the code of ethics is available on our internet website at www.mccormickcorporation.com. We will satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item&#160;5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any material amendment to our code of ethics
 and any waiver from a provision of our code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer
 or persons performing similar functions
Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections titled &#8220;Compensation of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Committee Report
&#8221; &#8220;Summary Compensation Table
&#8221; &#8220;Grants of Plan-Based Awards
&#8221; &#8220;Narrative to the Summary Compensation Table
&#8221; &#8220;Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
&#8221; &#8220;Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Last Fiscal Year
&#8221; &#8220;Pension Benefits
&#8221; &#8220;Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control
Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections titled &#8220;Principal Stockholders
ITEM&#160;13.&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
ITEM&#160;15.&#160;&#160;EXHIBITS
The Consolidated Financial Statements for McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated and related notes
 together with the Report of Management
 and the Report of Ernst&#160;&amp; Young LLP dated January&#160;25
 2013
 are included herein in Part II
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 McCormick has duly caused this report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
Chairman
January 25
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Chairman
January 25
 2013
January 25
Gordon M. Stetz
 Jr.
January 25
Kenneth A. Kelly
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons
 being a majority of the Board of Directors of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
January 25
January 25
January 25
 2013
January 25
Freeman A. Hrabowski
January 25
January 25
January 25
January 25
 2013
January 25
Gordon M. Stetz
January 25
January 25
January 25
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
Restatement of Charter of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated dated April&#160;16
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration&#160;Form S-8
 Registration No. 33-39582 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25
Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated dated April&#160;1
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration&#160;Form S-8
 Registration Statement No. 33-59842 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March&#160;19
Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated dated March&#160;27
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration&#160;Form S-8
 Registration Statement No. 333-104084 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March&#160;28
By-Laws of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated Amended and Restated on June 26
Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3(ii) of McCormick's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31
 2012
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July&#160;2
Instruments defining the rights of security holders
Summary of Certain Exchange Rights
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August&#160;31
 2001
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October&#160;12
Indenture dated December&#160;5
 2000 between McCormick and SunTrust Bank
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(iii) of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31
 2003
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 14
Indenture dated December&#160;7
 2007 between McCormick and The Bank of New York
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated December&#160;4
 2007
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&#160;10
Indenture dated July&#160;8
 2011 between McCormick and U.S. Bank National Association
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated July&#160;5
 2011
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July&#160;8
Form of 5.20% notes due 2015
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated December&#160;1
 2005
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&#160;6
Form of 5.75% notes due 2017
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated December 4
 2007
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&#160;10
Form of 5.25% notes due 2013 (issued pursuant to an Indenture between McCormick and The Bank of New York Mellon
 formerly known as The Bank of New York
 as trustee
 a copy of which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 4.1 to McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K on December&#160;10
 2007
 File No. 0-748)
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated September&#160;3
 2008
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September&#160;4
Form of 3.90% notes due 2021
 incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of McCormick&#8217;s Form 8-K dated July&#160;5
 2011
 File No.&#160;1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July&#160;8
McCormick&#8217;s supplemental pension plan for certain senior and executive officers
 amended and restated with an effective date of January 1
 2005
 adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on November 28
 2008
 which agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(i) of McCormick&#8217;s 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30
 2009
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28
The 2001 Stock Option Plan
 in which officers and certain other management employees participate
 is set forth on pages 33 through 36 of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;15
 2001
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;14
 2001
2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan
 in which officers and certain other management employees participate
 is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;17
 2004
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17
 2004
1999 Directors&#8217; Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan
 provided to members of McCormick&#8217;s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick
 is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February 16
 1999
 File No. 0-748
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16
 1999
2004 Directors&#8217; Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan
 provided to members of McCormick&#8217;s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick
 is set forth in Exhibit B of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;17
 2004
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;17
 2004
Directors&#8217; Share Ownership Program
 provided to members of McCormick&#8217;s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick
 is set forth on page 28 of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;17
 2004
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;17
 2004
Deferred Compensation Plan
 as restated on January&#160;1
 2000
 and amended on August&#160;29
 2000
&#160;September&#160;5
 2000 and May&#160;16
 2003
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 a copy of which Plan document and amendments was attached as Exhibit 10(viii) of McCormick&#8217;s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August&#160;31
 2003
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October&#160;14
 2003
2005 Deferred Compensation Plan
 amended and restated with an effective date of January&#160;1
 2005
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 which agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick&#8217;s Form S-8
 Registration No. 333-155775
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28
The 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan
 in which directors
 officers and certain other management employees participate
 is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement dated February&#160;20
 2008
 File No. 1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&#160;20
 2008
 and incorporated by reference herein
 as amended by Amendment No.&#160;1 thereto
 which Amendment is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(xi) of McCormick&#8217;s 10-K for the fiscal year ended November&#160;30
 2008
 File No.&#160;1-14920
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January&#160;28
The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of McCormick for the year ended November&#160;30
 2012
 furnished electronically herewith
McCormick hereby undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission
 upon its request
 copies of additional instruments of McCormick with respect to long-term debt that involve an amount of securities that do not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of McCormick and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis
 pursuant to Regulation S-K
 Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) .














		


The following is a listing of Subsidiaries of McCormick including the name under which they do business and their jurisdictions of incorporation. Certain subsidiaries are not listed since
 considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary
 they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of November&#160;30
McCormick de Centro America
McCormick Europe
McCormick France
Delaware
McCormick Pesa
Maryland
Delaware
Zatarain&#8217;s Brands
Delaware
 U.S.














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
of our reports dated January&#160;25
 2013
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
 included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated for the year ended November&#160;30
Baltimore
January&#160;25
 2013 














		


I
 Alan D. Wilson
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date:January&#160;25
Chairman
 President &amp; Chief Executive Officer














		


I
 Gordon M. Stetz
1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: January&#160;25
/s/&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Gordon M. Stetz
Gordon M. Stetz
 Jr.














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ending November&#160;30
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Alan D. Wilson
 Chairman
 President&#160;&amp; Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Chairman
Date: January&#160;25
 2013














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ending November&#160;30
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Gordon M. Stetz
 Jr.
 Executive Vice President&#160;&amp; Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
/s/&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Gordon M. Stetz
Gordon M. Stetz
Date: January&#160;25
 2013


















      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    


    


    




        


        



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 balance sheet and cash flow information follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;289.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;268.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Raw materials and work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;326.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;344.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;615.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;613.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;90.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;125.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;128.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Property

 net of tax where applicable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;166.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;180.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Unamortized value of settled interest rate swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension and other postretirement costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(320.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(236.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(159.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(59.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends paid per share were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 as if Kohinoor and Kamis had been acquired at the beginning of fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are estimated to be:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
839.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we signed an agreement to purchase the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co.
 Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China. The completion of the acquisition is expected to occur in mid-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subject to regulatory approval. WAPC manufactures and markets DaQiao and ChuShiLe brand bouillon products
 which have a leading position in the central region of China. At the time of the execution of the agreement
 annual sales of WAPC were approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$115 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which will be included in our consumer business segment following completion of the acquisition. We have agreed to acquire the company for approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$141 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subject to certain closing adjustments. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we entered into a joint venture with Kohinoor Foods Ltd. in India whereby we invested &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$113.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for an &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;85%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in the joint venture
 Kohinoor Speciality Foods India Private Limited (Kohinoor)
 which was financed with a combination of cash and debt. This joint venture is consolidated and included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. Kohinoor sells branded basmati rice and other food products in India and had annual sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$85 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at the time of the formation of the joint venture. During the fourth quarter of 2012
 we completed the final valuation of the assets for Kohinoor which resulted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to tangible net assets
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$40.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to other intangible assets
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$78.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to goodwill and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to non-controlling interests. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we also purchased all of the outstanding shares of Kamis S.A. (Kamis)
 which produces and sells branded spices
 seasonings and mustards in Poland. Kamis also distributes products into Russia and parts of Central and Eastern Europe and had annual net sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$105 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at the time of acquisition. The purchase price was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$287.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which was financed with a combination of cash and debt. Kamis is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. During the fourth quarter of 2012
 we completed the final valuation of the assets for Kamis which resulted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$41.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to tangible net assets
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$59.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to other intangible assets and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$186.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to goodwill. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;July 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we purchased the assets of Kitchen Basics
 Inc. (Kitchen Basics) for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$40.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 financed with a combination of cash and debt. Kitchen Basics sells a brand of ready-to-serve
 shelf stable stock in North America with annual sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at the time of the acquisition. Kitchen Basics is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. During the third quarter of 2012
 we completed the final valuation of the assets of Kitchen Basics which resulted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to tangible net assets
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to other intangible assets and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; allocated to goodwill. We expect goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The completion of the final valuations of Kohinoor
 Kamis and Kitchen Basics in 2012 did not result in material changes from the preliminary purchase price allocations so retrospective adjustments to prior financial statements were not necessary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we completed our purchase of a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;26%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; non-controlling interest in Eastern Condiments Private Limited (Eastern) in cash for a total cost of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$37.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Eastern
 based in India
 sells branded spices
 seasonings and other related food products in India and the Middle East.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in transaction-related expenses associated with the WAPC acquisition expected to be completed next year in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our income statement. For the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in transaction-related expenses associated with acquisitions completed in those years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The unaudited proforma combined historical results
 as if Kohinoor and Kamis had been acquired at the beginning of fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are estimated to be:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
839.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
537.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;383.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;381.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Earnings per share&amp;#8212;diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The proforma results include amortization of certain intangible assets and interest expense on debt assumed to finance the acquisitions based on the purchase price paid in 2011. These proforma results are not adjusted for changes in the business that will take place subsequent to our acquisition of these businesses. The proforma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of each fiscal period presented

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we are occasionally involved with various claims and litigation. Reserves are established in connection with such matters when a loss is probable and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 no material reserves were recorded. No reserves are established for losses which are only reasonably possible. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss is inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

031.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
035.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;252.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;779.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
029.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2008
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted- average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.54%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;The fixed interest rate on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes due in 2015 is effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through 2015. Net interest payments are based on 3 month LIBOR minus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; during this period (our effective rate as of November&amp;#160;30
 2012 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted- average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;6.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted- average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.01%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Maturities of long-term debt during the years subsequent to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=91% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;201.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;250.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;309.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2011
 we issued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3.90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;% notes due 2021
 with net cash proceeds received of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$247.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears in January and July of each year. Of these notes
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were subject to interest rate hedges as further disclosed in note 6. The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund
 in part
 our acquisition of Kamis in 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have available credit facilities with domestic and foreign banks for various purposes. Some of these lines are committed lines and others are uncommitted lines and could be withdrawn at various times. In June 2011
 we entered into a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$600 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; revolving credit facility
 which will expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;June 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The pricing for this credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
 is LIBOR plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.875%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. This credit facility supports our commercial paper program and we have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$461.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of capacity at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 after &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$138.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was used to support issued commercial paper. In addition
 we have several uncommitted lines which have a total unused capacity at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$53.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. These lines by their nature can be withdrawn based on the lenders&amp;#8217; discretion. Committed credit facilities require a fee and annual commitment fees at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rental expense under operating leases (primarily buildings and equipment) was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$32.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$31.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$27.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Future annual fixed rental payments for the years ending November&amp;#160;30 are as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=92% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;9.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had guarantees outstanding of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; with terms of one year or less. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had outstanding letters of credit&amp;#160;of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$59.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$53.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These letters of credit typically act as a guarantee of payment to certain third parties in accordance with specified terms and conditions. The unused portion of our letter of credit facility was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. The use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the use of written guidelines.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foreign Currency&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
 transactions and earnings denominated in foreign currencies. We selectively hedge the potential effect of these foreign currency fluctuations by entering into foreign currency exchange contracts with highly-rated financial institutions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
 offsetting the change in fair value of the hedged item.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had foreign currency exchange contracts to purchase or sell &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$188.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of foreign currencies versus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$127.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. All of these contracts were designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency or hedges of foreign currency denominated assets or liabilities. Hedge ineffectiveness was not material. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$84.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of notional contracts that have durations of less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; days that are used to hedge short-term cash flow funding. The remaining contracts have durations of one to twelve months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Interest Rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
 notes and bank loans. We utilize interest rate swap agreements to minimize worldwide financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of variable and fixed rate debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2012
 we entered into a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$50 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of forward starting interest rate swap agreements to manage our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$50 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of fixed rates notes by August 2013. We intend to cash settle these agreements upon issuance of the fixed rate notes thereby effectively locking in the fixed interest rate in effect at the time the swap agreements were initiated. The fixed rate of these agreements is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We have designated these forward starting interest rate swap agreements
 which expire on August 28
 2013
 as cash flow hedges. The gain or loss on these agreements is deferred in other comprehensive income and will be amortized over the life of the fixed rate notes as a component of interest expense. Hedge ineffectiveness of these agreements was not material in the year. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May and June 2011
 we entered into a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of forward U.S. Treasury rate lock agreements to manage the U.S. Treasury portion of our interest rate risk associated with the anticipated issuance of fixed rate notes in July 2011. We cash settled all of these agreements
 which were designated as cash flow hedges
 for a loss of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; simultaneous with the issuance of the notes at an effective fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.01%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the full &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of debt. The loss on these agreements is deferred in other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year life of the notes. Hedge ineffectiveness of these agreements was not material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2006
 we entered into interest rate swap contracts for a total notional amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to receive interest at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and pay a variable rate of interest based on three-month LIBOR minus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We designated these swaps
 which expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 as fair value hedges of the changes in fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; medium-term notes due &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; that we issued in December 2005. Any unrealized gain or loss on these swaps will be offset by a corresponding increase or decrease in the value of the hedged debt. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; hedge ineffectiveness is recognized as the interest rate swaps qualify for the &amp;#8220;shortcut&amp;#8221; treatment as defined under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=1 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=100% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables disclose the derivative instruments on our balance sheet as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which are all recorded at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=22% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;current&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;50.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;123.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;current&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;97.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
 accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and our income statement for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;86.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;86.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
031.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
168.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
035.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
136.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Derivatives related to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rates (assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rates (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency (assets)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 short-term borrowings and trade accounts payable approximate fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
 and it is not practicable to estimate their fair value. Long-term investments are comprised of fixed income and equity securities held on behalf of employees in certain employee benefit plans and are stated at fair value on the balance sheet. The cost of these investments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$69.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$59.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable
 prepaid allowances and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer business are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs and discount chains. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Because we have a large and diverse customer base with no single customer accounting for a significant percentage of trade accounts receivable
 there was no material concentration of credit risk in these accounts at November&amp;#160;30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our mid-term incentive program (MTIP). Total stock-based compensation expense for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the weighted-average period over which this will be recognized is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.4 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;For all awards
 forfeiture rates are considered in the calculation of compensation expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Below we have summarized the key terms and the methods of valuation and expense recognition for each of our stock-based compensation awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RSUs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;RSUs are valued at the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant. Substantially all of the RSUs vest over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year term or upon retirement. Compensation expense is recorded in the income statement ratably over the shorter of the period until vested or the employee's retirement eligibility date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of our RSU activity for the years ended November&amp;#160;30 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=37% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(shares in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;price&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;43.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;35.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;38.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;42.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;33.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;40.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Outstanding&amp;#8212;end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;49.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;43.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;35.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the stock on the date of grant. Substantially all of the options granted vest ratably over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period or upon retirement and are exercisable over a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year period. Upon exercise of the option
 shares would be issued from our authorized and unissued shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of the options is estimated using a lattice option pricing model which uses the assumptions in the table below. We believe the lattice model provides a better estimated fair value of our options as it uses a range of possible outcomes over an option term and can be adjusted for changes in certain assumptions over time. Expected volatilities are based on the historical performance of our stock. We also use historical data to estimate the timing and amount of option exercises and forfeitures within the valuation model. The expected term of the options is an output of the option pricing model and estimates the period of time that options are expected to remain unexercised. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Compensation expense is calculated based on the fair value of the options on the date of grant. This compensation is recorded in the income statement ratably over the shorter of the period until vested or the employee's retirement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The per share weighted-average fair value for all options granted was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These fair values were computed using the following range of assumptions for our various stock compensation plans for the years ended November&amp;#160;30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1 - 2.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1 - 3.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2 - 3.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.5 - 21.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.2 - 22.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.4 - 24.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected lives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.1 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.4 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.2 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under our stock option plans
 we may issue shares on a net basis at the request of the option holder. This occurs by netting the option cost in shares from the shares exercised.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of our stock option activity for the years ended November&amp;#160;30 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=39% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(shares in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;38.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;27.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;33.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;End of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;40.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Exercisable&amp;#8212;end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;32.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the intrinsic value (the difference between the exercise price and the market price) for the options outstanding was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$123.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and for options exercisable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$81.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The total intrinsic value of all options exercised during the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$62.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$32.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$63.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. A summary of our stock options outstanding and exercisable at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=34% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(shares in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Options outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Options exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Range of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;life (yrs)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;life (yrs)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Weighted-&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;average&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;exercise&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;price&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$22.25 - $32.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$32.76 - $43.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;38.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;37.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$43.26 - $53.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$53.76 - $64.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;40.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;MTIP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2011
 we restructured our MTIP to deliver awards in a combination of cash and company stock. Prior to 2011

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160; November&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2012&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;79.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;79.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Bonds&amp;#160;and other long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;182.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;92.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;90.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #0000ff;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #0000ff;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;November&amp;#160;30


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;86.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;86.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
031.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
168.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
035.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1


 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)

 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;Unobservable inputs that reflect management&amp;#8217;s own assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our population of assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160; November&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2012&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;79.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;79.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Bonds&amp;#160;and other long-term investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;182.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;92.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;90.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign currency derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #0000ff;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #0000ff;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #0000ff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&amp;#160;measurements&amp;#160;using&amp;#160;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;value&amp;#160;hierarchy&amp;#160;as&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;November&amp;#160;30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finite-lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;80.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
694.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;256.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;277.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
962.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
982.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
043.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
065.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible asset amortization expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 finite-lived intangible assets had a weighted-average remaining life of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
550.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
273.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in purchase price allocation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;261.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency fluctuations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;End of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1


 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
 future economic and market conditions and determination of appropriate market comparables. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a discounted cash flow model or relief-from-royalty method and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 net of federal benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International tax at different effective rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. tax on remitted and unremitted earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. manufacturing deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in prior year tax contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee benefit liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;165.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;152.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;14.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Tax loss and credit carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;49.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(27.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;230.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;198.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;48.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;49.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;158.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;145.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;213.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;202.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net deferred tax (liability) asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our non-U.S. subsidiaries have tax loss carryforwards of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$145.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; are from the excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation deductions which will increase equity once the benefit is realized through a reduction of income taxes payable. Of these carryforwards
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$32.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; expire through 2015
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$39.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; from 2016 through 2024 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$73.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; may be carried forward indefinitely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our non-U.S. subsidiaries have capital loss carryforwards of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. All of these carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we have tax credit carryforwards of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; expire in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$16.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;A valuation allowance has been provided to record deferred tax assets at their net realizable value based on a more likely than not criteria. The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; net increase in the valuation allowance was mainly due to to the recognition of a deferred tax asset related to a subsidiary's net operating loss which is now more likely than not to be realized
 offset by additional valuation allowance related to losses generated in other subsidiaries in 2012 which may not be realized in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. income taxes are not provided for unremitted earnings of international subsidiaries and affiliates where our intention is to reinvest these earnings permanently. Unremitted earnings of such entities were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$968.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$46.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$33.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. If recognized
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$40.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of these tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended November 30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;33.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Additions for current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;10.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Additions for prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Reductions for prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Statute expirations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(15.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Balance at November&amp;#160;30
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;46.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;33.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$15.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of statute expirations is mainly composed of a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; reserve reversal that was originally recorded based on uncertainties about the tax aspects of transactions related to the reorganization of our European operations and divestment of certain of our joint ventures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record interest and penalties on income taxes in income tax expense. We recognized interest and penalty expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and interest and penalty income of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had accrued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdictions. In major jurisdictions
 we are no longer subject to income tax audits by taxing authorities for years before 2006. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2010
 the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) commenced an examination of our U.S. federal income tax return for the 2007 and 2008 tax years. During the course of the examination
 we have held discussions with the IRS on certain issues and in October 2012 we received proposed adjustments for these tax years. In November 2012 we deposited $18.8 million with the IRS to stop any potential interest on these proposed adjustments. We believe we have established appropriate deferred taxes or tax accruals under US&amp;#160;GAAP for these issues in prior periods. We are also under normal recurring tax audits in several of our major operations outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 and the related interest

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Royalty income from unconsolidated affiliates was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$16.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our principal earnings from unconsolidated affiliates is from our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in McCormick de Mexico

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S. and contribute to government-sponsored retirement plans in locations outside the U.S. We also currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$479.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$320.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; net of tax) related to net unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension or postretirement benefit cost. We expect to recognize &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$36.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$23.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; net of tax) of actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit in net periodic pension and postretirement benefit expense during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The significant assumptions used to determine benefit obligations are as follows as of November 30:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United&amp;#160;States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Discount rate&amp;#8212;funded plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Discount rate&amp;#8212;unfunded plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Salary scale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.0-3.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.0-3.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Annually
 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
 to evaluate the appropriate projected rates of return to use for our pension plans&amp;#8217; assumptions. We engage our investment consultant&amp;#8217;s research team to develop capital market assumptions for each asset category in our plans to project investment returns into the future. The specific methods used to develop expected return assumptions vary by asset category. We adjust the outcomes for the fact that plan assets are invested with actively managed funds and subject to tactical asset reallocation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our pension expense was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=34% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United&amp;#160;States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(34.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(32.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(15.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Recognized net actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&amp;#8217; funded status as of November&amp;#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=44% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;588.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;515.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;251.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;223.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;30.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Plan changes and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;119.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;47.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(22.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(19.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;735.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;588.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;300.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;251.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Change in fair value of plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;400.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;383.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;214.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;199.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;56.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;84.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;29.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Employee contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(22.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(19.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(8.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Expenses paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency impact&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;519.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;400.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;247.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;214.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(215.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(187.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(53.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(36.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Pension plans in which accumulated benefit obligation exceeded plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;660.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;530.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;182.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;519.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;400.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;154.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;121.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the U.S. in the preceding table is a benefit obligation of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$87.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$72.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 related to a nonqualified defined benefit plan pursuant to which we will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key employees upon retirement based upon employees&amp;#8217; years of service and compensation. The accrued liability related to this plan was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$82.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$67.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The assets related to this plan are held in a rabbi trust and accordingly have not been included in the preceding table. These assets were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$63.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$52.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amounts recorded in the balance sheet for all defined benefit pension plans consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=44% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Prepaid pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accrued pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;215.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;187.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;53.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;39.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deferred income tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;128.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;97.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;212.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;161.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;95.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;71.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation is the present value of pension benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation prior to that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$660.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$530.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the international pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$270.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$225.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
 and to provide advice on the allocation of plan assets across the various fund managers. This advice is based in part on the duration of each plan&amp;#8217;s liability as some of our plans are active while others are frozen. The investment return performances are evaluated quarterly against specific benchmark indices and against a peer group of funds of the same asset classification.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our allocations of U.S. pension plan assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Target&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;63.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;66.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;70.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;12.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The allocations of the international pension plans&amp;#8217; assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Actual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Target&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;53.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;54.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;53.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;42.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;45.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-indent:32px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 7
 pension plan assets at their fair value as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the United States and international plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;239.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;107.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;90.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;90.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Hedge fund of funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;519.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;333.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;160.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;26.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;133.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;133.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;87.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;87.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;247.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;238.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Total&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;fair&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;value&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;196.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;81.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;115.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;69.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;69.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;65.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;65.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Hedge fund of funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;400.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;237.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;139.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30


 venture capital and limited partnerships.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The change in fair value of the plans&amp;#8217; Level 3 assets for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Realized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Net
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;and&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;End&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Hedge fund of funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;26.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The change in fair value of the plans&amp;#8217; Level 3 assets for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; is summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Realized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;(losses) gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Net
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;and&amp;#160;sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;End&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Hedge fund of funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;22.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The value for the Level 3 hedge fund of funds&amp;#8217; assets is determined by an administrator using financial statements of the underlying funds or estimates provided by fund managers. The value for the Level 3 private equity funds&amp;#8217; assets is determined by the general partner or the general partner&amp;#8217;s designee. In addition
 for the plans&amp;#8217; Level 3 assets we engage an independent advisor to compare the funds&amp;#8217; returns to other funds with similar strategies. Each fund is required to have an annual audit by an independent accountant
 which is provided to the independent advisor. This provides a basis of comparability relative to similar assets in this category.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities in the U.S. plan included McCormick stock with a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$29.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total U.S. pension plan assets) and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$22.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total U.S. pension plan assets) at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Dividends paid on these shares were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 we match &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of a participant&amp;#8217;s contribution up to the first &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the participant&amp;#8217;s salary
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the next &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the participant&amp;#8217;s salary. In addition we make contributions for U.S. employees not covered by the defined benefit plan. Some of our smaller U.S. subsidiaries sponsor separate 401(k) retirement plans. Our contributions charged to expense under all 401(k) retirement plans were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;At the participant&amp;#8217;s election
 401(k) retirement plans held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$170.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Dividends paid on these shares in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees who were covered under the active employees&amp;#8217; plan and retire after age &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; with at least &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&amp;#160;31
 2008 are not eligible for a company subsidy. They are eligible for coverage on an access-only basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our other postretirement benefit expense follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=61% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Amortization of losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Special termination benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Postretirement benefit expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&amp;#8217; funded status at November&amp;#160;30
 the measurement date

 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;For 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is stated at historical cost and depreciated over its estimated useful life using the straight-line method for financial reporting and both accelerated and straight-line methods for tax reporting. The estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery
 equipment and computer software. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&amp;#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 (2)&amp;#160;payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who work directly on the software development project and (3)&amp;#160;interest costs while developing the software. Capitalization of these costs stops when the project is substantially complete and ready for use. Software is amortized using the straight-line method over a range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of software during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30

  
  
  
  

145.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;355.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;388.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;391.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;482.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;112.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;121.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;144.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;80.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;148.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Dividends paid per share&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;51.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;57.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;48.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;50.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;55.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;52.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;57.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;48.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;50.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;55.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;782.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;883.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;920.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1

  
  
  
  
  
  

 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$57.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$58.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$52.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  

 the product has been delivered to the customer
 the sales price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
 allowances and price discounts based on historical experience and contractual terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category

  
  
  

 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&amp;#8217; funded status at November&amp;#160;30
 the measurement date

  
  

031.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
035.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;252.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;779.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
029.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2008
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted- average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.54%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;The fixed interest rate on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes due in 2015 is effectively converted to a variable rate by interest rate swaps through 2015. Net interest payments are based on 3 month LIBOR minus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; during this period (our effective rate as of November&amp;#160;30
 2012 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007
 effectively fixed the interest rate on the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt; notes at a weighted- average fixed rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;6.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:20px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:-4px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011

  
  
  
  

 accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and our income statement for the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Asset Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Liability Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;location&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Notional&amp;#160;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;current&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;50.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;123.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Other&amp;#160;accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;65.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30

  




 net of federal benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International tax at different effective rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. tax on remitted and unremitted earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. manufacturing deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in prior year tax contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other


351.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;860.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;802.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
291.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;956.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;318.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
566.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
220.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;770.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;706.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
697.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
284.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;968.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;314.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
567.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
041.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;681.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;613.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
240.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;690.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;206.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2

  
  
  
  

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
550.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
273.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Changes in purchase price allocation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;261.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Foreign currency fluctuations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(25.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;End of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1

  

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finite-lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;80.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
694.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;256.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;277.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
962.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
982.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
043.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2




145.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;355.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;388.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;391.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;482.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;112.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;121.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;144.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;80.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;148.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Basic earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Dividends paid per share&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;51.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;57.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;48.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;50.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;55.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Market price&amp;#8212;Common Stock Non-Voting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;52.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;57.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;66.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Low&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;48.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;50.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;55.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;61.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;782.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;883.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;920.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1


415.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
598.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;456.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;122.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;3
912.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;253.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
165.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;88.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;110.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;75.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;102.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
199.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
497.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
697.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
697.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;428.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;111.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;540.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;540.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
550.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
694.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
694.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
895.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;192.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
087.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;96.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;76.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;22.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
999.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
337.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;402.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;107.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;509.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;509.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
273.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
417.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
417.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
211.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;207.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3

  


  
  

 INCORPORATED&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(IN MILLIONS)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column&amp;#160;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column C Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Column&amp;#160;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Beginning&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Charged&amp;#160;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Costs and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Charged&amp;#160;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;End&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Deducted from asset accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Year ended November&amp;#160;30
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Allowance for doubtful receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;31.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deducted from asset accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year ended November&amp;#160;30
 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;22.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;31.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Deducted from asset accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Year ended November&amp;#160;30


 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail outlets
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores under the &amp;#8220;McCormick&amp;#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &amp;#8220;Lawry&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Zatarain&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Simply Asia&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Thai Kitchen&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Ducros&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Vahin&amp;#233;&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Schwartz&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Club House&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Kamis&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Koohinor&amp;#8221;. Our industrial segment sells to food manufacturers and the foodservice industry both directly and indirectly through distributors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
 we regard the products within each of our segments to be fairly homogenous. It is impracticable to segregate and identify sales and profits for each of these individual product lines.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We measure segment performance based on operating income. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
 evaluating performance or allocating capital. Therefore
 asset-related information has been disclosed in the aggregate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer business customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;11%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Sales to one of our industrial business customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;11%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
 investments and certain fixed assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Business Segment Results&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Industrial&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;segments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;amp; other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
415.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
598.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;456.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;122.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;578.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
551.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;144.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
695.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;3
912.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;253.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
165.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;88.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;110.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;75.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;102.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
199.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
497.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
697.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
697.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;428.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;111.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;540.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;540.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
550.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;143.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
694.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
694.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
895.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;192.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4
087.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;21.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;96.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;76.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;22.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
999.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
337.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Operating income &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;402.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;107.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;509.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;509.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Income from unconsolidated operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;20.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
273.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;144.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
417.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
417.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
211.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;207.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
419.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;66.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;22.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;89.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;75.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;95.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Geographic Areas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have net sales and long-lived assets in the following geographic areas:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=50% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;EMEA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;countries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
351.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;860.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;802.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;4
014.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1
291.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;956.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;318.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;2
566.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
220.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;770.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;706.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
697.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
284.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;968.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;314.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
567.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
041.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;681.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;613.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;3
336.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1
240.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;690.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;206.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2
137.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$94.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$89.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$77.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
 our share of net income or loss of unconsolidated affiliates is included in net income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Preparation of financial statements that follow accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and notes. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;All highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are classified as cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
 first-out costing method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is stated at historical cost and depreciated over its estimated useful life using the straight-line method for financial reporting and both accelerated and straight-line methods for tax reporting. The estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery
 equipment and computer software. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&amp;#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 (2)&amp;#160;payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who work directly on the software development project and (3)&amp;#160;interest costs while developing the software. Capitalization of these costs stops when the project is substantially complete and ready for use. Software is amortized using the straight-line method over a range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of software during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; during the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and conduct tests of impairment on an annual basis as described below. We also test goodwill for impairment if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount and test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Separable intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over those lives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
 future economic and market conditions and determination of appropriate market comparables. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a discounted cash flow model or relief-from-royalty method and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent the recorded indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer
 the product has been delivered to the customer
 the sales price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
 allowances and price discounts based on historical experience and contractual terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
 are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Revenue is recorded net of trade allowances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable are amounts billed and currently due from customers. We have an allowance for doubtful accounts to reduce our receivables to their net realizable value. We estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on our history of collections and the aging of our receivables.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$94.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$89.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$77.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$57.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$58.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$52.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Brand Marketing Support&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$198.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$187.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$167.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include consumer promotions
 point of sale materials and sampling programs. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through print
 television
 radio
 digital and in-store displays. These advertisements are expensed in the period in which they first run. Advertising expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$86.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$77.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$71.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2011-5 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Presentation of Comprehensive Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;. This guidance is intended to increase the prominence of other comprehensive income in financial statements by presenting it in either a single statement or two-statement approach. This new accounting pronouncement is effective for our first quarter of 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
 all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting will convert into shares of Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the Company and the sale of substantially all of our assets



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$198.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$187.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$167.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include consumer promotions
 point of sale materials and sampling programs. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through print
 television
 radio
 digital and in-store displays. These advertisements are expensed in the period in which they first run. Advertising expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$86.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$77.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$71.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 7
 pension plan assets at their fair value as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the United States and international plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;text-align:center;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;239.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;107.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;90.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;90.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;74.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;27.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Hedge fund of funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;519.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;333.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;160.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;26.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;As of November 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Cash and cash equivalent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;133.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;133.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;87.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;87.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=color:#00539b;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;247.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;238.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;color:#00539b;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;Total&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;fair&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;text-align:center;&gt;value&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Equity securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S. equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;196.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;81.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;115.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;69.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;69.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fixed income securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;U.S./government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(c)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;65.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;65.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;High yield bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(d)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;23.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;International/government/ corporate bonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(e)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;16.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(f)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other types of investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Hedge fund of funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(g)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:13px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Private equity funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:6pt&gt;(h)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;400.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;237.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;139.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #00539b;border-top:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;As of November 30



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 balance sheet and cash flow information follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;(millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:middle;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #00539b; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Finished products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;289.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;268.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Raw materials and work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;326.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;344.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;615.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;613.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;34.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;90.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;110.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;125.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;background-color:#e0e3f1; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;128.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #00539b; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;Property

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





























































































































    
    

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011

    
    

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2008

    
    



 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007











































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plant



    

 Depletion and Amortization



    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    





 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans




 net of prior service credit

    
    



 net of prior service credit





    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    




    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    


    
    








    

 Measurements



    

 Inputs



    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    




    




    







 Purchases
 Sales



    


    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    

 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



    





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits






 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals





































    
    




















    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    

 Net of Tax



    
    


    
    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



    

 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    

 Net of Tax



    




    
    


    




    

 Share-based Compensation
















 including tax benefit 

    





 including tax benefit

    

 including tax benefit























    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    




    




    



 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location


 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location





    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    










    




    
    
    


    

 Deductions



    










    




    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    









 at Fair Value


 at Fair Value



    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Options


 Options






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options






 Options










 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period










 Options
 Exercisable









    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    

 Settlements



    




    


    




    




    


    


    


    

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Changes



    




    

 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets



    




    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Summarized Financial Information



    

 Finished Goods



    










    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Balance



    


    
    
    


    






    


    




    
    
    


    










    

 Liabilities



    




    

 Net



    




    

 Other than Long-term Debt









    
    


    




    




    
    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    




    




    


    




    




    

 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share



    
    


    
    
    






















    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    




    




    
    


    




    


    










    




    

 Interest Rate



    
    
    





 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range






 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range





    
    





 Interest Rate



    
    


    


    


    


    






    


    




    

 Stock Options



    

 Stock Options



    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    

 Performance Shares


 Performance Shares



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    





 Plant



    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    


    
    


    





 Net



    


    


    





 plant and equipment









    


    


    
    


    


    


    

 Trade



    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    

 Value



    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Contract



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Anticipated Issuance


 Anticipated Issuance



    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 at Fair Value



    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    







 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized (Gain) Loss Arising During Period









    


    
    























 Shares






 Shares



    
    


    


    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    














    
    




    
    




    
    






    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    





 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options










 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures







    




    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    




    




    
    
    





 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate



    

 Fair Value Assumptions






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate



    

 Fair Value Assumptions









    
    














    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    












    


    

 Cost of Acquired Entity



    




    

 Purchase Price Allocation



    

 Purchase Price Allocation



    

 Purchase Price Allocation






 Purchase Price Allocation



    




    




    

 Cost of Acquired Entity



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    




    
    
    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    






    




    




    

 Unused Borrowing Capacity









    

 Rent Expense



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    






    




    




    




    




    




    




    






    
    




    












    




    
    


    




    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    


    
    


    
    








    


    




    


    


    
    
    


    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 on a share-for-share basis

    

 on a share-for-share basis




 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    


    
    



 Fair Value

    


    
    









 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion


 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



    


    


    


    

 Fair Value



    

 Fair Value







    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    

 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion









    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis


 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



    




    




    




    




    

 Asset



    




    

 Liability



    





 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment



    
    
    


    
    


    






    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    










    
    








    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    
    












    
    
    


    


    


    


    



 Market price

    
    



 Market price

    
    


    
    



 Postretirement Benefits





    




    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    
    


    
    








    
    


    






    






    






    
    


    

 Operating Loss Carryforwards



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset



    




    


    


    

 Settlements



    




    




    
    


    




    




    




    

 Measurement Inputs









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 awilson.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P

M```%`P0&!P$``)$1(3%!46)(CB&U%S=X$0$`````````````````````
M_]H`#`




P9E&#&1`72BJ;4HS:FF(PGHU<Y1VRGE5!/.^GQMKC.NV,Y#(864<3<!W(
M`H1E+W,2N3V,]+VG;T;KLA(IE8$CG%M'HDE(+)E8\<^='EX)7S4;$==MO\`

9F.F$R3_TJ;-S




+9

M(6Y

NGW)7G*Y.DV+:

M*NJ@7;PQAN)-=OPACA=
;#^Z;@=L6V6V&8]IO:$4K:ZCB8IO]]]L(O)79)!X

-MW^<9D/\`D86O

MZYV^[E5F
F.K3!%-]$N/2<Y@@R?E


P\M[6MZM
MJ0BDZM26#HA&L&`



;


PF7W2*IN)!57X
8
M0?D


@PY1NJ



M*8E7'F8K&X\0G\I3;[

MC?U'4^*M.\K


ZWL9C/&=-]-G+EO;GCD!5*8:V06DMAO1Q:L8]V5-'`P

=C
M(Y

[LQ'6[$0UU2;:/'[K5'5/&
[*?'SD+A8$/

M-?MOKMG;4/K_`&?;E^#\G\+ZX_V?[3^Q^K_9NF?P?TK^0_7_`(G]_P#J7Y/[
M3_%?YG\C^M^I^Q_A_I?3_.\!/'`W21:_.





MV02WU!N4NKZ!6!H$3GD(B$V3C)UE*(XG+HT&DFD?DHWF!TB:&63W44=886
MWPB[0_&X2^V?KOCYSX$O\!=_L/XOM7L6.T!O2/3!3E.T:#O9I;D?LX7``]EN

K:YC<N%PH5

M/`/`/`4#ZQ?_`'Q[5?\`[PF/_8V'@-^\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\
)`\`\`\`\#__9
`
end







begin 644 ernst_young.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`'PF`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`&P``0``P$``P``````
M```````)@8'`

^X!E=]QPF!R2885Q!8&]);E+-L-9
M%XR'*MJZJZ.MS-C6Z1?D6Z2B044_53V6U^VN/GP*\-+&_9WVJC(;)[.X:['
M)C)%-Y(A77.D=Z;KCB#E^5&[51QBDHW`V"ZYMNP%&.SD@O)AC-!LY7PD


$5FP\4'$CFRCARY74310



M=?)!1;;Y4;(;+9#,/7K#^L0-YF?:UEOICT!=

S:CW

MZR
F'

M2U8/&8;7Q9S;
WCCA'=P.:1FNRFPHJ]/%TM/LT:[[)?GUVUVUV^FV-LA&N:_

$;W*O!J2B##357#MH$EKR





I/+`LQ81^\V

M7LWBYS6O1G.E)646GTCCK4!6Q?0IK:DR4+2#=P6'.&0P6VW3RF$D?(/JS[WK




M=@8;[FSKC&JB:^-E-$]'`;DB


:A


`\!X#P'@5
MST[:@W=

R4GG85KQK&PYO.I
M^:Q%017$5.;*C1(K)-1GN0(-UT`[_\`4M2LMJ_CJ*63;*JKOHCL$X3[.Z0=



MY8QC@@]]%


[I*X_5-33&?G


Z_7X^

Q[

26^6WTRGG.GQX&3^`\!X#P/_9
`
end







begin 644 gstetz.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`3P%`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`'$``0``@(#`0``````



^!8'



W\^@D6+1G8]Q'$
J



M/6)`X`5^MFLOC.9-
4DD@4






M!M8NQPIHM:7_`(?JQ6J`M0%`V7W

MS0*F21











:5TKF7@&=^R^F
IVEX?HUUL_9JPQF6]4\;CZ]5Z)<.N6@:'725:FX
MAV=D;%.



M9'3)FWL[-'9NRVFQ:CVC[.[X
U.+
GEVW&9EM+C4HRF*`K81L#'[J1($.S.[

EGG6FG-&A59K:NTEW2$6T2NS8

M6WIZA




]!\KSV]
MNU6QW3M)V2:@H=IN
MF]O(ZPS%1.Y2(1VRR&DQD?%YUC$(80



MX**CE45`N:G


5F
;LCE$A04+[8E$!)_=.H=


M@%*1%JS;$(4````I0X&8X#@.`X#@.!2EU*

]:]0G3Y2#8KQB


!#%!1!.W%']H'#R
M%VID4CJ)JF(`J(^L$C_7R0%`*!P#_8WI#S_TX'MX#@.`X#@.!JNK8GF%+U+5
+J&



`I-^<Y=&MXE

MI!4%5NDLW.KY1`P``'+X
(/T#QP,A]?'^_C]?I^O_;Q_P.!YX#@.`X#@.`



ZPB:JE_J/9M*#?6V9A4'CF+P2Q3TB](
MV.HX;Q+)TY`GH1.8H7

begin 644 kkelly.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P,#`P,#`P,#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#
M`P,#`P,#`P,#_\``$0@`+0*`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`(````$$`P$!`0``````

&!00*`0$`````````````````````$```!0

$!1$&!R$(`#$205%A$Q1Q@2(R%9&A0A8)L='A4B
S%_#!8H*2
MHE/3-$01`0````````````````````#_V@`


:;

MV)!`E&G`$R%![``0UJ``%!$`U&GQ!K2H]M?M!=(5#NI2@`CJ`#KS#6G[^`
X!7G@91\B:U\#8@;*96SU.&9R2*S7HGK9@


2LT*JBHO%-IZ33
MD)0Q3%!M#


9R]`
[2ZVD&Q7=A/&]_=U;^S'!$[E1U

MB10X$24`

M[/LOCCP
Z[W]R.:Q0;N++VT0D=LTQ3(E#S/4WN^-!97W033(ZFA4@G%;0M


=
MRD(!TGZ9=NK6M^GUL\AEVP-3)X%L%^F4Q!
[=M)R)2G64I+KBDFO)W%-LY)-
MY)/5@%R]?KK.%C'55.80&C(N_IP]W53=HVWD6$Q]M\VOY(0L#.
B
&UN6[\Z



(

MRFW%N!PVKNQOY4\'9U];/=T=L9

&X3Q#D)



M_F-SKTUYB(U]@TI7VC[N`!?.



2(-U4BJJ@<)'^'P_M]Y^7[_'@!6W(,5KLO':_C9-0GHY[/\`
M%7]<J*@I&%:V\(VO<V3F8D1.`B</\CPUN$$2@/2!]:#3@F$0UK01$::4K4!

MMJ/PB(4I7]O`/R#PUT



M2*W.F=N=T850I3A

M!2O8/AV@M*#7I_%R]FE.SEP'GR_TSZ3*?6?3?1_ISWZL+C_UOIGIEOJ'J0+_



````/@``

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````&IE9F8N9V]S


61A+6%D
S$M9#




M:6]N(')D9CIA8F]U=#TB=75I9#IF868U8F1D-2UB83-D+3$Q9&$M860S
2UD
M
S-D-S4Q.#)F


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


R\J


M
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D


ME)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN'B

B
M




M\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`
!``(1`Q$`/P#Z1HI&8*I9C@`9)KP#2;/QY\;I]0\0

]N26Y+``#JMW9#Z79]`45Y-8Z[XX^&WP


BM






MJZ+HLWB2#XG7UUK-O&UT^FMO:W9L$LB[G*$8S@&
#.!@=10^(WQ%U#Q#\(_!


)[#4K^W\'Z.OV6Q@CDDBCU8C+.Z9&X#/0C^[Z&O'8_$#W^LZX?$'Q
MGUWPS+#J<\4-DD=Y<J8@W#!HW`4=1M[;:79/JK_U]X=[=-#Z^HKS7X;ZG::'
M\)[[7)O&5WXNLH&GNO[2NXI8WVHO,8$K%NIQ]:X?X.^*O%-IXZM(/&NI7=U
M;^

^%'B3Q+J
MGQO+:MK.I3V&J:=/J
%E/=N\4:/*?+VIG:
+C''%6U9KS7^?^3)OHWV=OR_S



.]2\,1V\11X;,2
M8F).=QVRISVZ&O-O@WX8\6^(Q!XHU#XD:T]KIVIO%+IT\LLB7QD9W

M0J?QJ(N[UT_RO:Y4M%=:_P=KGT/17S[I%IX]^-UWJ'BR\:7?A/08+I[?3K



)]-NI;:\?269I8)CQ3+\K[6'(PP.*ZGX<75Q??#+PY=7L\MS<3:






2#;$P
^WY!(WL1[)26
ML5(;TDT%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`(RAE*L

W4;7028)P
M-P`P1O'S9[`<YIWQ)^*OAW0X?#-U\,KV]U:TB6UBU*,.UN3@!&;:A1L#&XB0
M#K]WG'OM%/J[;.WX?KYBZ:[_`.?Z'SKKWPU\0Z)^S??Z=/9SZCXBU34TO[NW
MLD,[*S.,C`YP!R1QG.1S5[4O6OK\9-&T^WTR[_L&_;3M1O+E8&:**2TB=

MGO=1NFLX3;/NN%/W3&





MNI:=)8ZF!?VG]GR1K9[3&,X*_+'QE3TQQU!KV/6]=LM`LTGOC([S2&WMX(

D7S7E==T_FM?RZ?

M'Q$T2Z9SI-Q;VP66SB;&Z/?%&SH1D#)PQ*Y!/9G@/X6ZUJ_PS\9:9J&G/X9L
M-?E272M*N)&D-H4^8



[Q#\-/$6


&OHZH1-(;UH#;2B

]]/P=_QL):;;?TOU/GWXV_#W7/^$DL

VN;6YB

M!(YR
'MT&2-G6_$5KHLEO;F&XO;^[)%M8VB!I9MN-Q^8A549&69E49`SD@&'

_&
\X[_P`86AO_``1K
M=HEN;EIK=%A;RY



KK9R6
MD-FXCA@^5VF;$2!5+



=.:(Z:+^
MKW?X?H*2;5WY?A9?UZG&?%_PCKVLIH?B/P;'%/KGAV[^T06TI`%PC;=RY)']

!O2/USA26/;&


M#]0T#X\:



?V0Y$;%
M6(3[1O/*G@+D]@:MRL[O^M&OU;(M=67]:W_0\GTC5_'_`
(+K7_#UIX`O=?L


MJDB(+:YE&1M7#EQDJP#


M(VDRV2


AVX;#`'!]

MK?A_D$M;OIO^/^9PVMZ5J




!06/WFY`.#@D
%[






XJRM_7G][_`XG4+;1/#O

36]M91?#S0_$T1IXPNM6MXY[Q#FYFN&N`D]N[9W%0F\&
_*H

3+%_:2?(L@^95R
X!QGGK7L
?A[1
M8=:?6(=(L(]4D&'OEMD$[#&.9



K:?I]K


M;Q`-
MYM/D4DQ)9


Y&I




1YFSF7#[#N;)#'J,\^JUG
M6'A[1=*O;B\TO2+RNKHDSSVULD;S$G)W

M*T
4




M
S2LOZ\C









MM`I)6*&

-J;B'YI5



3;?6_P*_I_U<J+Y;6Z?U_P#B=9GAUG4_A^-'E25
MG\Z[1H]K8@^QNA;K]W=(B_4BL:W99O@UX(TV$K]N&I:?;^4`-ZRP3@S#'JHC
MD)]

UT=UQ):VR1-





MH6!@`4&

RNRD$$OC


L
')6'




MDN'M8&GEB$

MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`ANUG:SF6SECBNA\N26
NJMC@E0RDCVR/J*


=

5M(Q;2;&94
BEBY*X3?QR23CGJ/`O




M^Z.V6*

^
M$N[[



OYCO[U_3^OZ_4X[X27$4&M2OJ-M


4_1H/!DGB'Q:?$WA?\`










M2:D+[1ETNXS`L;
1([^:O\OP

5D2?$[6-+M]1L_
M$#:+9:C%KBZ3!=R

M289K2+4;?19+V%H&P?*G@A?S

M[4TZ]N+
(P(A6++6Y(*HP\Q?+9@X0KDAAFJT;=MO_ME_[;^K\R=DOZZ/]?T%











`TX&Z$(SMA
S.4*C@9\K=M&



M=C9V9MHA'&6*Y4N[


MS#Y2



M7Y7*]@1U=/HOZ_KR\A=6%%%%(84444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!17FWQU373\.)WT)
M)Y;:


M9`(!(W*
X)'3U%-IIV8D[JZ+U%1?:4_NR_\`?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4ADM%1?
M:4_NR_\`?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%
M1?:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_`-^F_P`*/M*?W9?^_3?X
M4`2T5%]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3
M?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_`+]-_A0!+147VE/[LO\`WZ;_``H^TI_=
ME_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_`'Z;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI
M_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\`OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_P#?IO\`
MC[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_\`?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ
M;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_
M`-^F_P`*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE
M/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_`+]-_A0!+147
MVE/[LO\`WZ;_``H^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_`'Z;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%`
M$M%1?:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\`OTW^
M%`$M%1?:4_NR_P#?IO\`C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_\`?IO\*/M*?W9?
M^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E
M_P_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_`-^F_P`*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_P!^F_PH
M^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ;_
MC[2G]V7_`+]-_A0!+147VE/[LO\`WZ;_``H^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[LO_
M`'Z;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A0!+147VE/[L
MO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\`OTW^%`$M%1?:4_NR_P#?IO\`C[2G]V7_OTW^%`$M%1?
M:4_NR_\`?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4`2T5%]I3^[+_WZ;_E297;:`X/O&P'ZB@
M2BBB@`HHHH`****`,#QEX6_X2[P_-IJZK?:6[HZK-:28!W(5*NA^61&Y4_@

MC\)[+4+OPN[W433Z9IVA74[7&V\9BC11J6*\




<_\`S[2_FO\`
D'3];A=D&XQ30R&.6%F4J61





:K:G0G45X_FC*=6$':7Y
]

:K3ZI6[+[U_F1]8I]_
MP?\`D=W/J=A;7]M8W-[;PW=WN^SV\DJK)-M&6V*3EL#DXZ4?VC8C5!IIO+?[







M)^]DD8I-;NO$ME-?VT'BB[0Z=H!U+S/LML6FFWRX#?N\;
*!@`'`'S`Y)4GR
M[_U:[?Y#2OM_6W^:/1+BZM[2



M8MRODG.W9_!Y?7/R_=SSBG:S:?\`7]?B3?1-=?TM_G\CIZ*\[T[Q#K$NLZ=?
M3:L98=1UR[TM])




DB1+-JL$D
M$85=W.0=J_*R\'J=6D(****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`



@+!&P64'K@[5R.^!Z5%!I6G6H@%M86



&3&XC`
M'?L*M;KC_GE%_P!_#_\`$T;KC_GE%_W\/_Q-`$

M(###!./ER.N.M13Z#H]UJ\.JW6DV

X1LCYE&YN#Q\Q]:EW7'_`#RB_P_A_\`B:-UQ_SRB_[^'_XF@K9
MZ#H^GV4-G8:58VMK!)YT
$-LB)&_]]5`P&Y/(YYJ_46ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&
MZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY
M1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\
M30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&
MZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY
M1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\
M30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&
MZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY
M1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\
M30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&
MZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY
M1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\
M30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&
MZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY
M1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!+146ZX_YY1?\`?P__`!-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\


%:*)****S+BBB@`HHHH`H:WH6E^(]*ETW7;"_LY1A
MHIDR,XQD=P1G@C!'8TK:)I3:*-'?3+-M,",630*8=HZ+LQC`QTQ5ZB@AJN
MA:1KMM';ZWI5EJ

;;TCO+=)51L8R`P(!P3S2WNAZ3J
]I-J&EV5W+8MOM7G
MMT=K=N.4)'RGY1R

H8_%FBR:!-K*W;?8X
M',4NZ02I(&^68BOF!\D`)MW$D8'(KF_$=U;HVA7GBJ^N_VH*LP75K5X?L
M\!.`T

MHE

G@\8I+K
M_6R_5B?]??\`Y%RY\2Z;;:ZFCO\`;)+UE1BL%A/


M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%([K&C.[!549+$X`'K61XB\4Z7X7LOM&JW&TM_JX4YDD/L/Z]*X9+7

MNM4U!M$\`V_V^\/#WF





X0/
CLK#DG*J&8;6..*


8D#%F(7AN:2O\`U_V]9?.R^_S)




M_P#BJ-MQ_P`]8O\`OV?_`(J@6BHMMQ_SUB_[]G_`.*HVW'_`#UB_P_9_\`

M_P`]8O\`OV?_`(J@6BHMMQ_SUB_[]G_`.*HVW'_`#UB_P_9_\`BJ`):*BV

MOV?_`(J@6BHMMQ_SUB_[]G_`.*HVW'_`#UB_P_9_\`BJ`):*BVW'_/6+_O

M6BHMMQ_SUB_[]G_`.*HVW'_`#UB_P_9_\`BJ`):*BVW'_/6+_OV?\`XJC;


MZ#=^IP*J
93?+%78I245=F\S!5+
0`!DD]JX#7OB
]Q?'1O`]L=4U%N#.HS%



M4JSJ.\F;0IQ@K1):*BVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_`.*K


M[_XJ@#;HK$_L*^_Z#5Q_X]_\51_85]_T&KC_`

MWE^9MRW'#TEU_KK_`%^?D/M_7]?TCL'\



^SV
D[P3`OYH5E_U
M$A)C/F





MFFS+!

M-P%ADE9Y'




M5G^)#3S(R3F]M)-/NHM$EN)HK=502(MV)5CA0D3!HV&2&)`8LHJM;:==3_%'


MMM&LKG[+%YMLTQE

M`\#ZM^`K0\._#:TL;K^T_$4YUG57.YI)LLB'V!Z_4_@!76Z=IMEI-DEIIMM'
M;0)T2

DECA7


MK?A^Z_M6978:;`XE50C*K2-
H(6/YTPQ`/SJ-H.0+'Q;TVXU?X?7]E;^&QX@
M$D4F8EDRP,$;9+&I'SL&QP&P3C/0\W+X'\1?\`#.U]X72VDEU*7=]DLI+E




M24/`!%+77^NDOU2^_H0MHW[:_?']+_\`!/98I4GA26)MR2*&4^H/(JC/_P`C

Y6WB6)3ZA0!_2LO[)-%XGM?

M^%4-%\-:9X?



_
OY+_`(4`2T5%Y+_\
M_
OY+_A1Y+_\_
OY+_A0!+147DO_`
_


_
OY+_`(4`
M2T5%Y+_\_
OY+_A1Y+_\_
OY+_A0!+147DO_`
_



_
MOY+_`(4`2T5%Y+_\_
OY+_A1Y+_\_
OY+_A0!+147DO_`
_




C/VTI?PXW]






MN/\`T.&M&LZ?_D:+'_KSN/\`T.&@#1HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

MQ%\*Z;D2ZO#





WEW!;_`/7655_F:Q[KQYX6M
^;KEFV

M1-%L


MG7]K?$S53BST6RTN
_\`+2=@6'X%C_Z#1_PA/C75!_Q._&3P`]4LE(!]N-@_

M[U.8G+&XE(!/T7!_
FNLT[1-+TA=NF:?;6O&

MN
#]

M3H
CS_
/I&


M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#@?C#XVO\`P-X.2[TORX;BZE-NMW-&9$MCY;L&



MC^Z:X:;XM:S=:.NIZ7I]G`ECH
.MZC;W2L[2+(Q_=1L&78=B.P8ANJ\5TGQ`




MS;HJ+[
G]Z7_`+^M_C1]F3^]+_W];_&D
EHJ+[
G]Z7_`+^M_C1]F3^]+_W]
M;_&@6BHOLR?WI?^_K?XT?9D_O2_]_6_QH`EHJ+[,G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO\`
MW];_`!H`EHJ+[,G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_`'];_&@6BHOLR?WI?\`OZW^-'V9

M
G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO\`W];_`!H`EHJ+[
G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_`'];_&@
M6BHOLR?WI?\`OZW^-'V9/[TO_?UO\:`):*B^S)_>E_[^M_C1]F3^]+_W];_&
M@6BHOLR?WI?^_K?XT?9D_O2_P#?UO\`&@6BL;5M;T/0D+:MJ:VQQG8UPQ




G]Z7_OZW^-`&/\`V-J-YSJ.H
%/6.+I_0?I


MC[


M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH

^T?9/#MC=ZU='A5AC*J?T


D<2!5'XIJ/
M;PA_#BEYO5_Y?@'LI2^.7W:'%Z3\*_#FG.)KN&34[C.6DNVW`GO\HX/XYKL(


?SJ/^VM0G_P//2I,=FDSC^G\ZS+-RBL/
MR_$%S]Z2U!Z@8)_K_.C_A'I)^;_`%&:;_9'`_7-`&E/J5E;Y\ZYC4CMNR?R

M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4453N]7TVPS]MO[:`CM)*H/Y9H`N45R]


M\

M%G+I46D7Z20^:]Q;1MD;&W*(W(+@L0P^?[O%+7^O^WO_`+7[B%LK_P!?#_\`


MXK?






S9]#MR!^)%
MRNB:`(@?NS:A

M.D=M&%`_``5/_P`(]++_`




W;I[UIF]Y0*MQ:=HL
M7W4@;_??=_



M1U$;[S^2YH`T_M=O_P`]XO\`OL4?:[?_`)[Q?]]BN4N?B;H43;+5;J\8\#RH
ML`_]]$']*@_X3+Q%?\:1X6G`/W9+@D*?T`_6@#LOM=O_`
]XO^^Q1]KM_P#G

M`'47.O:39@_:M2M(B.S3+G\LYK#O/B1X=M

V%_


M8$U)10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!6=/_R-%C_UYW'_`*'#6C6=/_R-

M`S=.:^7WZ_\$R-/\;6UY'O)




MBL3_`(202_\`'I87$WX8_EFLG4_&PT_(NYK*R(ZI+*#(/^`YS^E5&+D[15Q-

?N+:PE0W\F_2G6]AX[UY]\6



M

QZ#Y

M_@XH`[:D9E12SL%`[DXKBO\`A7D\I_TOQ+J

W]



=+9_
U^OKN3N6
MD`!_3/ZUJVW@;PY:X*:7$Y]969_T8D5OT4`06UE:6:[;.UAMQC&(HPO\JGHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KR/X[OK-O;:+=Q1






MFY2=H(/*E6PQ&:M^7=_CS6_-?TD2O/R_]M_R?W^;.BTZY:]TNUNG0HT\*2%3

].W]:VE540*@JHP`.PK/G
M_P1HL?^O.X_]#AH;3;:%%-))ES[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\`WZ;_``J6BD
B
M^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_`-^F_P`*EHH`K3M;7
#0W$+2Q.

CP
01[@BN
OO



S\-KK2V+^%O$^IV.#D121N5/UVX'Z&D
_Q-TL;7BLM;



')U*\/L86_P#B:]!DT72Y
M1B73;-QG.&@4\_E4?_/:+_T+#_`
!D_P`*.;#?RO[U_D%J_=?=_P`$\_D\
M:^!4SMN;^3`S\L1Y_
Y,A!_-1_.GQK\1=1.(;+3=0]Q;Y./R?G\J]1HH]O%?#!?B_S#V
G\4W

M_P_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ6LZ_P#$.D:7D7^H6\+#JA?+?]\CF@Y]I3^[+_W
MZ;_C[2G]V7_`+]-_A7(7'Q+L&E\G1[[U*;L$3:#_



/YYKO**
M`.&C^&_A]6W2RZE

M.A_WX7;^=78M+T6#_4Z3;Q^ZV6/_`&6M2B@M&UM
0PM&.GRP
/Z5)]I3^[
M+_WZ;_I:*`(OM*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ6B@+[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[
MLO\`WZ;_``J6B@+[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_`'Z;_I:*`(OM*?W9?\`OTW^
M%'VE/[LO_?IO\*EHH`B^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_I:*`(OM*?W9?^_3?
MX4?:4_NR_P#?IO\`I:*`(OM*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_\`?IO\*EHH`B^TI_=E
M_P_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ6B@+[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\*EHH`B^TI_
M=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_`-^F_P`*EHH`B^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PJ6B@
M+[2G]V7_`+]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_I:*`(OM*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ6B

M/U%244`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%1SW$%K&)+F:.%RH&D8*S

M*`)****`LZ?_D:+'_KSN/\`T.&M&LZ?_D:+'_KSN/\`T.&@#1HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`RM:\-Z7K\6W4;8
X&%F3Y77Z'^AXKEQI'BOPESHER-6T]?^7:

M(?6@#NJ*X9?'&K:.1'XIT*:(`X-Q;C*G\^#_`-]5NZ?XST#40/)U**-S_!.?
M+/TYZ_A0!N44BNKJ&1@RGD$'(-+0`4444`%%%!(`))P!U)H`**R[WQ-HFGY%

J(HR68X


EQ=<*1^@_4UT6


M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

#'/;3O#(%#JY0LI!*DH
@]

=Z
M].O_``#X9U**SBNM*3R;.`6T44




<__/M+^:_XU+10!%YS_P#/M+^:_P-'G/_
M`
^TOYK_`(U+10!%YS_\^TOYK_C1YS_\^TOYK_C4M%`$)E=@0;60@\$$K_C6
M)?\`A/0]2R9]$.?XX2L9SZ_*PS^-=#10!P;?#L6S%M'U+5+$YR,.AQ^3+0-
M\;VW_'IKQEQT\\*?Y[J[RB@#A/(^(R\?:K-L=\)S_X[0;7XC2=+^SBQZ*G/
M_CAKNZ*`.$/A_P`9W1_TSQ!+$#_S[JH_D5H'P\%R0=8U/5+X]\N@S_WTS5W=
M%`'+6?@?0+/!&CR3L/XIY`^?PW8_2MZWBBLXO+M-/\B

M_P#S[2_FO^-'G/\`\^TOYK_C4M%`$7G/_P`^TOYK_C1YS_\`/M+^:_XU+10!
<__`#[2_FO^-'G/_P`^TOYK_C4M


<__`#[2_FO^-'G/_P`^


<__`#[2_FO^
M-'G/_P`^TOYK_C4M%`$7G/\`\^TOYK_C1YS_`//M+^:_XU+10!%YS_\`/M+^
<_P#S[2_FO^-'G/\`\^TOYK_C4M%`$7G/_P`^
<__
M`#[2_FO^-'G/_P`^TOYK_C4M%`$7G/\`\^TOYK_C1YS_`//M+^:_XU+10!%Y
<_P#S[2_FO^-'G/\`\^TOYK_C4M%`




M')`P/44`7JSI_P#D:+'_`*\[C_T.&M&LZ?\`Y&BQ_PO.X_]#AH`T:***`B

F*COM%TK5+FUN
M-3TVSO)[-_

OV\3VOVFVMH\6EQL\NX9\C?#G.4&.WK_CMUG3













M6]9\9Z!H%W;VVJW_`)

M'_KSN/\`T.&M'KTK.G_Y&BQ_Z\[C_P!#AH`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

T9:&1#/$7#;AL)

M6#3M5\36^5

MN2KJWE;]'^-BKID

=Q_Z'#6@K*Z!D(96&
M01W%9\__`-%C_UYW'_H<-`&C1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`444R&:.X0OX=0S(2/56*D?@010`^BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***




M6#A6*DC_`%?^ROY5R/B+XN6GAWX=Z5XDFTFZN;K5+)+N*PM\L(U(0L7EVX5%
M


;HHSE
@$XQDX[&IM_7X?F
V_[
N_^@Y?_P#?
M%O\`_&J/[
N_^@Y?_P#?%O\`_&JT:*`
[^S+O_H.7_\`WQ;_`/QJC^S+O_H.
M7_\`WQ;_`/QJM&B@#._LR[_Z#E__`-\6_P#\:H_LR[_Z#E__`-\6_P#\:K1H
MH`SO[
N_^@Y?_P#?%O\`_&J/[
N_^@Y?_P#?%O\`_&JT:*`
[^S+O_H.7_\`
MWQ;_`/QJC^S+O_H.7_\`WQ;_`/QJM&B@#._LR[_Z#E__`-\6_P#\:H_LR[_Z
M#E__`-\6_P#\:K1KC;_XC6EK\2]
\&V^GW5Q/=O(D]X5*0V[+#YH0
1AWVE2
M0#P&!SVHW=@Z-]CH?[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJHX-$FMHS'!K5^JEVD(VP'YF

S?($'E`95V:

8CGUJ_90ZR`;8!\RL&4\1]B`:D_LR[_`.@Y
M?_\`?%O_`/&JY_0?B%#K/PMF\:S6#V4
4-S
;627+`0LZX)P

3M&0

M`/&J/[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJM&B@#._LR[_`.@Y?_\`?%O_`/&J/[
N_P#H
M.7__`'Q;_P#QJM&B@#._LR[_`.@Y?_\`?%O_`/&J/[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#Q
MJM&B@#._LR[_`.@Y?_\`?%O_`/&J/[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJM&B@#._LR[_
M`.@Y?_\`?%O_`/&J/[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJM&B@#._LR[_`.@Y?_\`?%O_
M`/&J/[



N_P#H.7__
M`'Q;_P#QJC^S+O\`Z#E__P!\6_\`\:K1HH`SO[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJC^S
M+O\`Z#E__P!\6_\`\:K1HH`SO[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJC^S+O\`Z#E__P!\
M6_\`\:K1HH`SO[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJC^S+O\`Z#E__P!\6_\`\:K1HH`S
MO[
N_P#H.7__`'Q;_P#QJC^S+O\`Z#E__P!\6_\`\:K1HH`SO[
N_P#H.7__
M`'Q;_P#QJC^S+O\`Z#E__P!\6_\`\:K1K/UW6K7P]HL^IWZSO%#M`CMXFEDD

TSO&TG!POR_+$S
M

R3LBJF_;SRXYV]NE59Z^5OQV%


!O`8D%L@94
MCGK4ND^


M


M)H

^K6GB?5KJQ22/S)(Y\
M816+!-RQF/JV/E(S7J%%TM;I_GS?F#UO?K_`)6_(\3/P]U^VL-,FU'0_PV


J

N:S9:F]^)45+9(@IDC92V\N3$-NU2/GY(Q7
OXG.VFEWDGQ%U'6+R+9
M:QV$-G9,6!W99GE;`.1SY8YQ]SZ&N(N/`6NW/AOQ=+5$NI_$_\`;%A&\JD7
M
:-$P&0V%+;&4;L8.

MM83ZWJ'GI:/(CO%$D:QIO*
R[CM+84D#(YKKJ**.R_K0.X4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`''RZ%J+?&JWUX6^=





MTKXI6UEHNFWC+N0SP76FK]F5515-Q#*JA4;:JC&[L5+D5=N-;3++Q&+32[






4B5F`
C`


MQ&?+Y&WC-4--M]=N=
$

X%SY3
=RIL)R8L1@8VD8-
\@-K-L\J?S5V2;R`FULX.X
MD`8ZY&*PM!TMKCPO=Z5K*75Q`MW<Q*M[)([RP9M@9F.YU*X'S$[EX.03G`_
MX1]YOA7X2BGTV9K[3CI96!HVW0%9H=[;.S*H;)(RHW=`30M7]WXCM^IVFI:_
=V<=L5Y]JEA=BTEU*]T2]NY-:LM2B$$5H\CQR
MSM&(4D`!*9BC52S852G)&179V]C=7?BVV_M-FM](L8VAD9#MDN9-RNX/3*H









MA*?NW]?PU/2JCDN(89(HYIHXWF8I$K







*W0//*D2EE0,[``LQ`4<]R2`/4FO(]7QA+XDT^75KS5XI?*AQ!]@N








MT!Z7/7JC-QMRMLTT8G=ZQ%AN9000.N`6'/N/6O*A)J,7ABX\I?%YU62&





82VW:1Y


GGL[B3Q&^@QZFK.]M-=3W.QK52`KJ6F:
M/SLYDX)P?EWLKP]I&MS#0-

M:.X%(#UZJTFHV4


I#*1D$'@BE

M.Z1D@(&2'8'X[YQ5VTO+;4+.*[L+B*ZMIE#Q30N'1U/0AAP1]*\TNX9+V:[

D*6]P'^SPQA%\Q44NWRAR3P&;Y0.L\&L8=-D62UN


`8
F-V
`#KT%7Z*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@M9:=9:;')'IUG;VB2RM-(L$2H'D;EG(`Y8]SU-6:**`

D!7(R.IZ'N:OT44`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`445G:[JPT72VNEMVN9FDCA@@5@OF2R

L
GL
G!Z4`:

45B9+X7)*[@8@D8D;`#9'EC&UCT&2-X[\.K



@!'W
-O(!W]%

FTG9M8
#LW8(!0'(&//X_OX[+
M

D[@K=#U[4[W5YM-US28-.N4MH






D3Q6TLD869ML1

FBP





6``.
XR*DU[Q(NB
MRZ
$MUNHM3O%MC*LH41*49O


(%TM+.


`T^X-P7*[P!!L\PC;\V0N


M/$3!!-+'%B5HE

M9N%A8\9XSTQ3[CQQX?MDLY)+YVCO(8[B.2*VED5(G.$DD95(B4GHS[1P?0X-
MPV-^BBN4A\=0W'AO6-6BLSC3X6N88FEQ]I@*DQR@X^4/M;'!Q@T`=716#!XM
MLE\.-K.IAK.!;N2UPJM



MEBN[@C((IV?Y?CL!U5%9%YXITC3]5?3KNY=+B.#[1+BWD9(8\
0[R!=B`[&Q



M&`


M
BXT(MK%E?V=RL#65C/:11M%O&9#$0QY'^5T[YZC%4_7A_5]!2==6U6RU-
MISYDEQ%8/!--+P\C-,X;@`!0%@`````='13N_Z^\.ECD[GPAJ.I:W:W.K:

6
M^FF*/RRFWS73S2K38`N`H*J5VC((]*HI+0+ZW_KN8]EHEKX?6VMO#&E:=I]







M*_L[274;J.[ADTW31;16DB(B_)'O.0=F3DY.XY)KOJ*'JV^__#@M#F-/\#V=





M[.G:''IQU02^7:6%MY@MMN?LLIDSC=_%G&.V
\]*[:BC;^NQ)Y[)\*+9M;34

M;X+2T-N;AF8D-/MD\N1ER0'$:MSR3W[&BA:?UW&]3GKKPK]I\9P:_P#;-OD^
M7^X\K.=D



M4I2&$QPQ2Q0QD

T-R$CR-L<J3`JK
M*<,LGF*3DA1TKT.BJN[W_K30FVECG]6\)P:R^N+=7#'6+.R=%09C^9\P)

XV]Q


M&MVYM+);H6-N]@2T9F.[]XXD'F!3P``A(ZDGYJZ^B@/Z^X!G'/6BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
6HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/_V3\_
`
end











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Financial Instruments (Cash Flow Hedges) (Details) (Cash Flow Hedges [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Short-term borrowings
 total
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

031.5
        

035.1
        


        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 total
        
        

029.7
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Net interest payments
 percentage below LIBOR
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 effective interest rate
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2008



              




              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2007



              

 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the highest stated (contractual) rate for funds borrowed under the debt agreement as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the lowest stated (contractual) rate for funds borrowed under the debt agreement as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of other forms of debt not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        



          

        


Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]
        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


Options outstanding
 Shares
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        


Options exercisable
 Shares
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)
        


Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Long-term investments
 Carrying amount
        
        


Long-term investments
 Fair value
        
        


Long-term debt
 Carrying amount

031.5

035.1


Long-term debt
 Fair value

168.5

136.6




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Investments In Affiliates (Summarized Annual And Year-End Information Of Unconsolidated Affiliates) (Details) (Unconsolidated Affiliates [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
November 30
 2012


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Performance Shares
 Activity [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Minimum percentage of votes a holder must control out of the votes entitled to be cast by all holders of shares of Common Stock to trigger the automatic conversion
 on a share-for-share basis
 of all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting into shares of Common Stock
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on a share-for-share basis
 of all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting into shares of Common Stock
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 before tax
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


Expected actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit
 before tax
        
        
        


Expected actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Ultimate health care cost trend rate
 year
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current asset associated with the plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally out of earnings.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension expense includes the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on plan assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. For defined contribution plans
 the pension expense generally equals the firm's contribution to employees' accounts (if the firm contributes) during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

145.8
        
        
        

110.7
        
        
        

014.2

697.6

336.8


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

617.8

522.5

417.7


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 High
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 Low
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 High
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Market price
 Low
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

145.8
        
        
        

110.7
        
        
        

014.2

697.6

336.8


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

695.3
        
        
        

694.2
        
        
        

695.3

694.2

417.4


        

165.4
        
        
        

087.8
        
        
        

165.4

087.8

419.7


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

415.3

199.9

999.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

551.0
        
        
        

550.7
        
        
        

551.0

550.7

273.2



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

598.9

497.7

337.8


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

912.2
        
        
        

895.6
        
        
        

912.2

895.6

211.8


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to accounts other than costs and expenses in a given period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

         2020
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

         2021
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

         2022
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 significant settlements of income tax disputes
 and unusual tax positions or infrequent actions taken by the entity
 including tax assessment reversal
 IRS tax settlement and unusual repatriation of foreign earnings.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 10B
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
 our share of net income or loss of unconsolidated affiliates is included in net income.


        
        


        
        


        
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
 first-out costing method.


Property
 Plant And Equipment
Property
Property
 years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 years
November 30
 2012
November 30
November 30
 2010


        
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a discounted cash flow model or relief-from-royalty method and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent the recorded indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the fair value.


        
We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer
 the product has been delivered to the customer
 the sales price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
 are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Revenue is recorded net of trade allowances.


        
Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
 respectively.


        
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
 respectively.


        
Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include consumer promotions
 point of sale materials and sampling programs. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through print
 television
 radio
 digital and in-store displays. These advertisements are expensed in the period in which they first run. Advertising expense was 
 
 
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Amortizable intangible assets average remaining life
 in years
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Employee benefit liabilities
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Other accrued liabilities
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Inventory
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Tax loss and credit carry forwards
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Other
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Valuation allowance
        
        


Deferred tax assets
 total
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Depreciation
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Intangible assets
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Other
        
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 total
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Loss and Credit Carry Forwards
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Supplemental Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Cash Flow Information
Supplemental income statement
Property
 plant and equipment


        
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 balance sheet and cash flow information [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

600
000

600
000


        

000
000

000



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        

700
000

900
000



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

000
000
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

100
000

400
000



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

700
000

200
000



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

900
000

000



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


        

000

700
000




        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of foreign currency derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized on the balance sheet.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized on the balance sheet.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which relates to the currency amount specified in the interest rate derivative instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Shares
        
        
        


Vested
 Shares
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Vested
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Employee Benefit And Retirement Plans (Amounts Recorded In Balance Sheet
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 deferred income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current asset associated with the plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Committed credit facilities
 fee
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Duration Of Agreement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 we signed an agreement to purchase the assets of Wuhan Asia-Pacific Condiments Co.
 Ltd. (WAPC)
 a privately held company based in China. The completion of the acquisition is expected to occur in mid-
 subject to regulatory approval. WAPC manufactures and markets DaQiao and ChuShiLe brand bouillon products
 which have a leading position in the central region of China. At the time of the execution of the agreement
 annual sales of WAPC were approximately 
 which will be included in our consumer business segment following completion of the acquisition. We have agreed to acquire the company for approximately 
 subject to certain closing adjustments. 
 interest in the joint venture
 Kohinoor Speciality Foods India Private Limited (Kohinoor)
 at the time of the formation of the joint venture. During the fourth quarter of 2012
 allocated to tangible net assets
 allocated to other intangible assets
 
 we also purchased all of the outstanding shares of Kamis S.A. (Kamis)
 which produces and sells branded spices
 seasonings and mustards in Poland. Kamis also distributes products into Russia and parts of Central and Eastern Europe and had annual net sales of approximately 
 which was financed with a combination of cash and debt. Kamis is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. During the fourth quarter of 2012
 allocated to tangible net assets
 
 we purchased the assets of Kitchen Basics
 Inc. (Kitchen Basics) for 
 financed with a combination of cash and debt. Kitchen Basics sells a brand of ready-to-serve
 at the time of the acquisition. Kitchen Basics is included in our consumer business segment from the date of acquisition. During the third quarter of 2012
 allocated to tangible net assets
The completion of the final valuations of Kohinoor
 Kamis and Kitchen Basics in 2012 did not result in material changes from the preliminary purchase price allocations so retrospective adjustments to prior financial statements were not necessary.
. Eastern
 based in India
 sells branded spices
November 30
 2012
 in transaction-related expenses associated with the WAPC acquisition expected to be completed next year in selling
November 30
 2011
 we recorded 
 respectively
The unaudited proforma combined historical results
(millions
3
3
The proforma results include amortization of certain intangible assets and interest expense on debt assumed to finance the acquisitions based on the purchase price paid in 2011. These proforma results are not adjusted for changes in the business that will take place subsequent to our acquisition of these businesses. The proforma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of each fiscal period presented
 nor are they indicative of future consolidated results.




        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 51
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Equity securities
 Actual
        
        


Equity securities
 Target
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
M
C5B
C



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X
M8S8Y,C5B,C,S.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V
M-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI





#I.



O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-






\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\










M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q




M968]






M

C`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7










M




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1FEN

&-E;%=O<FMS


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

S





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V5L96-T



X+FAT;6PB










M-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='


M:&5E='



O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

#I.86UE/D9I;F%N


O4VAE970U













M=%]!;F1?4F5T:7)E;65N
65E7T)E;F5F:71?06YD7U)E=&ER96UE;C0\+W@Z



#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-C(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M


O4VAE970V
#I%




M(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM87-E9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?07-S=6UP/]X.DYA


O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-







M;F








M;F-O;65?5&%X97-?4V-H961U;&5?3V9?1&5F97(\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\








M3F%M93Y#87!I=&%L7U-T;V-K7T1E=&%I;'






M;F%N8VEA;%]3=&%T96UE







T0B5V]R


&-E;%=O<FMB
M;V]K/@T*/]X;6P^/%;96YD:69=+2T^#0H\+VAE860^#0H@(#QB;V1Y/@T*

68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?
M.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F
M-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'







M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S

#$R/&)R/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!;365M8F5R73QB

#$R
M/&)R/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!.;VXM5F]T:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^

T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO









]
T1T97AT/C`P
#`P-C










]
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@









]




C`Q

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]


]


]



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT


]





















]


]


]






]

M;&EO;G

]
M

C`Q



]

]
T1R




]
T1N=6UP/C(L



2PY
3DN
M



]








\

M

]





]




]
M






M:61A=&5D(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@=6YC;VYS;VQI9&%T

]
T1N


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

W



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXW-3QS





]

M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#









M97
@;V8@)#0N







3


]

]

3(X+C


M


]


]



L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@


]



]







]

C4R
M+C




]

]
T1N=6UP/C0Q.2XR

M-#`T+C




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(Y





M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C@S


\+W1D

]


]

M1&YU;7`^



]







M
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC
M85\X8S8Y,C5B,C,S.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

M='




M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#



T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









C`\



]




M

M;7`^

]

]









]
T1N=6UP/C
R

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D

C`N





68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY
M8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$51-$%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



^

S`L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P


]



T1T;W`^



]



T1T;W`^1&5P


]
T1N=6UP/C$P



]

C`N
CQS


M


]


]

C0N
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6T^*#(U



M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]


]
T1N=6T^*#

]
T1N=6T^*#



]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+C





]
T1N


]
T1N=6T^*#





]


]

]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C



]
M



]
T1N=6T^





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@










]



]
















\+W1D

]



3






]

]

]

]
T1N=6T^




]

M(&-H86YG97



]





T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@8V%S:!E







M.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C

T0G=&5X





@









M




#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$










]
M



M





M




]
M



]


]
T1R;SX-


]






]


]



T1T;W`^1&EV
M:61E;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#$N
RD\


M-#$N





M:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P




M;3XH

]
M

]



]


]












]
M


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#

M1&YU;3XH







]
T1N=6UP
M/C

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$N

]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]


]



T1T;W`^17%U86P@97AC:&%N9V4L(&%M;W5N

]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@
M5F%L=64@870@3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@4VAA

S`L(#(P

]
M






]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
M

]
M

]

]

]
T1N=6T^*#@N




]


]





]


]








]






M9'

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6T^*#`N-BD\








]

3



]
T1T

]
T1N

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$R+C8I/'-P

N


]




M:&%R97


]






]


]

P


]

]






2XY/'-P86X^





]










]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!C;VUP;VYE;G1S



]







]


]


]
M


C`N


]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]







]


]


]


M

]
T1T

]
T1N

]



]


]


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@5F%L=64@870@3F]V+B`S
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3



]



]

]
M



68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
M
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
M
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
M
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

#@N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3(@

S`L(#(P




]

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P




M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M




#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O


@86YD(&%F9FEL:6%T97
N

@:&%V92!B965N(&5L:6UI;F%T

L




Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY5




M('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5+E
N(')E


Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SY#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\


@;W(@;&5S


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N


M(&%N9!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9'



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`\+V9O


M






#`P





@9F]R(&UA8VAI


'!T.SY792!C87!I

Q-C`[9&ER96-T(&-O


M('1O(&1E=F5L;W`@;W(@8G5Y('1H92!S;V9T=V%R92P@*#(I)B


@



M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C




M


'!T.SX@


P



'!T.SX@9'5R

P+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CQF




'!T.SX@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R

M.FYO;F4[/DYO=F5M8F5R(#


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I


@;W(@8VER8W5M


@8F5L







M92!A;F0@:6YV;VQV97



@;VX@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@=V4@8F5L:65V92!T;R!B92!R
M96%S;VYA8FQE(&)U=!T:&%T(&%R92!U;G!R961I8W1A8FQE(&%N9!I;FAE




M8SMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY';V]D=VEL;!);7!A:7)M96YT/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ



M('5N:70F(S@R



M




M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N








M


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#L^




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F

3!P=#L^5')A9&4@86QL;W=A

M9R!A;&QO=V%N8V5S+!M97)C:&%N9&ES:6YG(&9U;F1S(&%N9!C;VYS=6UE


M;7


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M=&]M97)S+B!792!H879E(&%N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C
M;W5N='


M;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='

M8V]L;&5C=&EO;G

N


Y






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P







3!P=#L^




#`P

M;VYE.SXR



#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY2

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@:6YC








#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F


#`P
#`P



'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P

M



T1F;VYT


#`P
#`P.W1E

3DX+C
@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

'!T.SX@

M;F4[/C(P






T1F;VYT+69A






'!T.SX@9F]R(#PO9F]N

3(\




'!T.SXL


3!P=#L^


3!P

#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E)E8V5N=&QY($ES

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3)P




3!P=#L^26X@2G5N92`R




M(%1H:7

3








]

@6T%B


]
T1T




M;&4]


M
#`U
SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%#455)4TE424].4SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O




3(P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P


C`Q





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


@




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M

3!P=#L^+!W:&EC:!W

M96YT(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!C;VUP;&5T:6]N(&]F('1H92!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;BX@





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

T1F



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[








M='


'!T.SX@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE



F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%L;&]C871E9!T
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD-#`N-R!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF


L(#PO9F]N


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M93HQ




#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY397!T96UB97(@
C`Q

M;6ES(%

@86YD('-E;&QS(&)R



@:6YT;R!2=7-S



#4@


#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(X-RXQ(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


3!P
M=#L^+!W:&EC:!W87

M;W(@2V%M:7

M

M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F

3!P=#L^+!F:6YA;F-E9!W



'!T.SX@870@



M('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%L;&]C871E9!T
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD.XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#L^



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(U

M.C$R




M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=F5M8F5R(#(P

T1F



#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^+B!%87-T97)N+!B87-E9!I;B!)



M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


3!P

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M;&4]

3!P=#L^(&EN('1R
M86YS86-T:6]N+7)E;&%T960@97AP96YS97





#`P


P@,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO

M




M


#`P
M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N



'!T.SY4:&4@=6YA=61I=&5D

@:68@


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



3!P

#`P


'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




3$\


T0G=F5R


P



T1F




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#L@<F]W










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


S@Q+C4\


!S;VQI



3([9&EL

P

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D
M95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


]


]


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'3T]$5TE
3!!3D0@
M24Y404Y'24),12!!4U-%5%,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M
T0U

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q

T0Q)2!R



M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN
M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B


3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ;6ED9&QE



#`U



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q









P

M





T1F



T0G=F5R


P



T1F






T1F



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P


T1F;VYT+69A











M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






V8Q.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]





M93HQ



T1F;VYT




M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



6QE/3-$


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M.SXQ







M/B8C

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U


F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#DV,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M.B-E

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



P

M


&4S9C$[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PY.#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V











M;VTZ

V8Q


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^
BPP-#
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`U

G!X

&4S9C$[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M
#`U





P

P
#4S.6([)R!R





Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

BPP-C4N

P


M



P

2!C



M

G!X('-O

3!P=#L^/&)R




M/B0T+C


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

'!T


'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P

M;VYE.SXR



#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

M;&4]


'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#L^
M5&AE(&-H86YG97


T1F;VYT


#`P
#`P.W1E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
R!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$


T0Q


M


T0G=F5R=&EC


P


3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^)B

M(S$V

M

7!X('-O





#`U



M
C`Q


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R






T0G=F5R





M86X]




M

7!X('-O







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC







T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P


M



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ








G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M/3-$




T1V







G!X.W!A





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M

M;&]R.B-E






CL\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$



T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M



M



6QE


M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N









2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

65A<CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

2!C;VQS


M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#4U,2XP/]F;VYT


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

30T+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

V8Q.V)O


M93HQ






Y8CMB

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


#`U
SEB.V)O


M93HQ



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='
@



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S


'!T.SY3=6UM
6QE/3-$9F]N

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/3-$-C$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

M



#`U


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#4S.6([)R!R









F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/DYE=!S86QE

V8Q.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M



#@N




M/3-$


M













M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






CDN



M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



6QE/3-$


M


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F

G!X.R!R





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M












CDN

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V









Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ








M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S(N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[






#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$V+C$@;6EL


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



3!P=#L^(&9O




#`P

M.SXR


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



@9G)O;2!U;F-O;G-O
M;&ED871E9!A9F9I;&EA=&5S(&ES(&9R;VT@;W5R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

'!T.SX@


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
M,C5B,C,S.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V-6-F
M9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE
M970Q
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S`L(#(P




]


]


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$

P


3X\

R!S














P
#4S.6([)R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




T1V97)T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3
X+C0\+V9O



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P









P

P





P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

G!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;&4]


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XT/]F;VYT





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3!P



C`Q



M;W(Z(V4P93-F







T1F


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^-2XR,4@;F]T97
@9'5E(#(P

M







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M

M





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A



RXY
M



M*#0I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

C4P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





C`R-#PO






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^56YA;6]R=&EZ
M960@9&ES8V]U;G1S(&%N9!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


T0G=F5R=&EC








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#




M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

2PP
S4N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P


G!X






#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R




#`U

G!X

&4S9C$[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M;VTZ

V8Q



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0P



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z+31P


M.'!T.SXH

T1V97)T:6-A


L('-E='1L960@=7!O;B!T

@:6X@

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(U

M:7IE.CAP=#L^(&YO=&5S(&%T(&$@=V5I9VAT960M(&%V97)A9V4@9FEX960@



P
#`P


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3X\9&EV('-T


#`@;6EL


#`P
#`P.W1E

#$U+B!.



#`P


#$R



P
#`P

M=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I


T1W:61T:#HR

M/3-$







#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ




T0P



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z+31P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(U

M:7IE.CAP=#L^(&YO=&5S(&%T(&$@=V5I9VAT960M(&%V97)A9V4@9FEX960@



P
#`P







'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P




M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M:'0Z




P


M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA



#`U



P






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$U/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M










P



M


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







C`R



'!T.SXN($EN

@:6X@





M=7-E9!T;R!F=6YD+!I;B!P87)T+!O=7(@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@;V8@2V%M
M:7,@:6X@,C`Q,2X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R







#`P




'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M93HQ



M9F]R('1H:7


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0V
2XV(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^(&]F


P+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



T1F;VYT+69A



C`Q
CPO9F]N

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I




#`P


P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO

M









'!T.SY296YT86P@97AP96YS92!U;F1E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD





M93HQ


M

3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO9F]N

3`\




M('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT+69A





P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#$T






T1F;VYT


T1F;VYT









M;&4]





M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3!P=#L^('=I=&@@=&5R;7
@;V8@;VYE('EE





#`P

M.SXR


#`P
#MT97AT


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



@82!G=6%R86YT



C`Q









\8G(^

]
T1R93X-

]
T1R;SX-

F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/D9)3D%.0TE!3!)3E-44E5-14Y44SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


G!X.V9O;G0M





@:&5D9V5S




3!P=#L^/&9O


3!P=#MC

#`U

M8WD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[




M=&5D(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G,N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M;G

L(&QI86)I;&ET

@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=&AR;W5G

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

M;&4]


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

'!T


@;V8@86YT




M


#`P
M


M93HQ
'0M
M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD.#0N.2!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`U









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^/&)R



M



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


C`Q






@=V5R92!I;FET:6%T960N(%1H92!F:7AE


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2XY




M
'!T.SY);B!-87D@86YD($IU;F4@
C`Q

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(P



@=&\@;6%N86=E('1H
M92!5+E




#$Q+B!792!C87-H('-E









#`P



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(U





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



@

M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^)#$P


M;F4[/C4N







#`P

M





M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`@;6EL;&EO;CPO

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^-2XR



@=VEL;!B92!O9F9S970@8GD@82!C;W)R97-P;VYD:6YG(&EN8W)E87-E
M(&]R(&1E8W)E87-E(&EN('1H92!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@:&5D9V5D(&1E8G0N
M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

@:7



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




M:'0Z




M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




3!P=#MC

#`P

M
P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L



M

3!P=#L^+!W:&EC:!A


3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P

#$R


R!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


Y8CL^*&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



P



P


M-3
Y8CL^0F%L86YC928C

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






#`U

R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$

#`U
SEB
M.SY&86ER)B

M

7!X('-O





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


#`U


#`U

P
#4S.6([=&5X

T1F

P
#4S.6([

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P
#4S.6([/D9A:7(F(S$V
#MV86QU93PO9F]N



#`U

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X



T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/D]T
M:&5R)B



M(V4P93-F

#`U






P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


M
#`U


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


Y8CL^3W1H97(F(S$V
#MA8V-R





#`U

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/C4P+C`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M(S`P-3



P
#4S.6([/C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`U
SEB.SY&;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(&-O


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N




#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





Y

T0R('-T


#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




Y8CL^-C4N-SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/C$N.3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



Y8CL^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

P
#4S.6([/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U



#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A




F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S
M.6([/B8C


P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P


#`U
SEB.V)A

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M;&4]
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO



M.SXH;6EL;&EO;G






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


T1T97AT+6%L

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




M;&4]

M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P



G!X





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








M=#L^3W1H97(F(S$V
#MC=7)R96YT)B






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[









M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P






P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXY-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P





P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

S`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U








M;&4]



P












P


3X\9&EV



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT


#`U



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U








3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





M;F-O;64@*$%/0TDI(&%N9!O=7(@:6YC;VUE('-T871E;65N=!F;W(@=&AE


P+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^,C`Q
M,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M




T1F;VYT

3!P=#L^.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^

M





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



#`U
SEB.W!A




M;&4]



#`U

G!X

M86X]



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T






#`U

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ;6ED



Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

P













#`U



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U










#`U



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U










3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N







M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0X



T0X)2!R



M86X]
T0R


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




P







M96YT(&QO8V%T:6]N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q



#LH


P


M




P

M


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









#`U

G!X

M86X]



P



G!X


C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL









M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@










G!X.W!A




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$








M;VTZ




P

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T1F

XT/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

Y





M:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


P
#4S.6([


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M

7!X('-O

M

XQ/]F;VYT


#`U

M:'0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





P


G!X.V)A8VMG

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.V)A


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG






P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M;W1T;VTZ


Y8CMP861D

M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P



M:'0Z




M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I

2!C



M

G!X('-O




T1F


P
#4S.6([



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M;65N='
@:7


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N

M
6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@86YD


M8F5R(#
6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

'!T.SX@=V5R

M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$
3

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T0G=F5R


P


3X\9&EV


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I



#`U



M=#L^
C`Q


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






T1T97AT




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ









P
#`P



G!X



M;&4]





\+V9O;G0^



T1V

V8Q

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ








2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT







M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV97
@


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY);G1E<F5S

M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E









2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$


T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



3@N



M/3-$


T1V97)T



T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



3X\



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C`N
M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M)B
X






M;&4]




2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$




M;W`Z


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




T1V97)T:6-A


2`H
M;&EA8FEL:71I97



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





P

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z











T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









3!P

#`P




#`P
#MT


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

T1F;VYT

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

M=')A=&EO;G



N(%1H







M($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L(#(P

M='





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@



S`L(#(P
M








3(P)3MP861D:6YG



\+V9O;G0^

M;W`Z


T1F;VYT+69A



L('-U8V@@87
@




2!T:&%T('!R:6]R

@=&\@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97
@=7-E

M;'


M:&]S92!T:')E92!L979E;'

#L\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
38P.R8C



@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97





M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE



M/B`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M);G!U='


@9F]R('-I;6EL87(@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I

T0P(&-E;&QS




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.W!A9&1I






M
'!T.SX@)B
Q-C`[)B



3!P=#L^


3!P


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



M;&4]

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E






#`U
SEB.SY&86ER)B
Q-C`[=F%L=64F(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/DQE=F5L
M)B
Q-C`[

38P.S
F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V

M

V8Q





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]

P
M





T1F;VYT+69A

P




2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`U


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A






#`U






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M93!E





3MP861D:6YG+71O



M/3-$


Y8CL^-S(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#`U
M
SEB.SXF(S@R





P




M


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^
3


T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXF
M(S@R




P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI






M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

V8Q





B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^
XY/]F








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







'!T.SX\9F]N



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\



2!C




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E

M


#`U



P



M(V4P93-F

#`U




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E



#`U




#`U

M93-F

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



Y8CL^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/CDR+C8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








7!X



#`U

P
M





Y
M8CL^.3`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R



M-3
Y8CL^3&EA8FEL:71I97

M;CTS1#



M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9RUT;W`Z



M




#`U






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M93!E





3MP861D:6YG+71O



M/3-$


Y8CL^

M

P
#4S
M.6([/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R







G!X



3X\




3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R






P
#4S.6([/C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#`U
M
SEB.SXF(S@R

P
#4S



P

T1F

P
#4S.6([

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#!F9CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXR+C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







P

3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X




#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E

#!F9CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P


P

P

M




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E




Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M:60@(S`P
#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C


T0Q


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT

38P.S(P
3$F(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





979E;8C,38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P


G!X


6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V
M
#LS)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO





M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T







G!X.R!R



M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



G!X.R!R





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BXS/]F






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^
3(N


G!X.R!R




M;&4]















M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M;&4]







B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^)B
X


G!X



M;&4]















M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;W`Z


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#4S.6([



#`U

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/E1O=&%L/]F


#`U




#`U



P
M



#`U


M(S`P-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P

2!C;VQS


M-3



F4Z

P
M

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T0G=F5R=&EC




M.'!T.SXX


#`U
M





M(S`P-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

X


P




#`U





#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


P
#4S.6([8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M

P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





#`U



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



Y8CMB

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





@
M;V8@8F]N9'





68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
M
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@0F5N969I=!!;F0@4F5T:7)E;65N



3(P)3MP861D:6YG



M

@:6X@=&AE(%4N

N($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N


@:6X@;&]C871I;VYS(&]U='-I9&4@=&AE(%4N


M92UH96EG:'0Z


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

M;&4]






#`P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M









M






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M






M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#4S.6([




#M3=&%T97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


#`U

M


#`U



C`Q
M


P
#4S.6([)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N=!R871E)B
X
M


M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XS/]F;VYT





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E







2!C





M93HQ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



3MP861D

M




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



RXP
M+3

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`U

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



#`U

3MP861D

M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P





P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M



T1F;VYT



#`U




M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M


N(%=E(&5N9V%G92!O=7(@:6YV97-T


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^3W5R('!E;G-I;VX@97AP96YS92!W87,@87,@9F]L
M;&]W<SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

S0E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



#`U



M:7IE.CAP=#L^56YI=&5D)B



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






C`Q

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT


P
#4S.6([8F%C


3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M



G!X.W!A9&1I



M








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$











M;W`Z




3X\


G!X









M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXQ

'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M

T1F

S0N
3PO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





38N







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X





T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M;&4]









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A9&1I



M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M)B
X


M;&4]

3([



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T


3PO

P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`U



P
#4S.6([8F%C

M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,CDN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






#`U
SEB









Y8CMB

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;VTZ

V8Q


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R




3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]










38P.S

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M-#0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



P

M


3!P
M=#L^)B


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ;6ED9&QE



#`U




P

M






#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1F;VYT








G!X.W!A





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


C4Q+C$\



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXQ-RXU/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M/3-$


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3(N-3PO

M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A



M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[





T1F



M;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

3$Y+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M

M

M86X]
















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M;&4]

M

3DN-CPO9F]N

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





M;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R

T1F

XW/]F;VYT/CPO





2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M

M

M86X]








P

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ




#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M


M;&4]



M;'-P86X]


#`U



M



M.CAP=#L^

P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








P



M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P


G!X.V)A8VMG

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.V)A


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXS,#`N
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M-3





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




M93-F

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



M93HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





M;W1T;VTZ






M



M93HQ












M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O












M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X



M;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]




T1V

V8Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



M;VTZ





M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S





M

M;W1T;VTZ





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#@N.#PO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M:7IE.CAP=#L^17AP96YS97









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I








M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

T1F;VYT+69A



M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
6QE/3-$

M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



7!X

P


M/3-$



7!X('-O









#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U

F4Z.'!T.SXT,#`N
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB;W)D

#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




M

V8Q.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O;&ED




T1F;VYT+69A


P

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`U

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



#`U



M+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



T0G=F5R=&EC




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M
#`U




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



T0G=F5R=&EC





3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/B@U


M

G!X('-O


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



@:6X@=VAI
M8V@@86-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&5X8V5E9&5D('!L
M86X@87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T
M960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T



M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F






3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C8V








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


M93HQ




M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z



&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M86X]




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9VAT.C$R

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I

'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR




M=&ER96UE;G0@8F%S960@=7!O;B!E;7!L;WEE97
F(S@R



M;&4]


M
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



M=F4@;F]T(&)E96X@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE('!R96-E9&EN9R!T86)L92X@



'!T.SX@86YD

M/B0U

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










M





T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ;6ED


P

3X\9&EV




Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



#$R




M;&4]

7!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I




M

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ




M
C`Q

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY0<F5P86ED('!E;G-I;VX@8V]S=#PO




M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\



M;&4]

M93!E

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]







M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






3X\9&EV('-T





T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C
N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXQ-BXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(Q
M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M

G!X('-O



T1F;VYT+69A
6QE/3-$

T0R('-T


#`U

M


M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





M9V%T:6]N(&EN('1H870@:70@:6YC;'5D97
@;F\@87-S=6UP=&EO;B!A8F]U

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#8V
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#MC

#`P

P+C0@;6EL


#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


3!P


T1F


#`P
#`P




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P

#`P


P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R



M;&4]


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



@=&AE('!O


@86-R;W-S('1H92!V87)I;W5S

N(%1H:7





'!T.SY/=7(@86QL;V-A=&EO;G
@
M;V8@52Y3+B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

P
6QE/3-$9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M(&-A=&5G;W)Y+!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T


#`U




#`U


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M



P






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





&4S9C$[



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B4\+V9O;G0^/]D


M















M



M





3MP861D:6YG

G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

C8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






P


Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ






P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






XP/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F





P


M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#`N,#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




P




M(S`P-3

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


3!P=#L^


3!P


F(S@R

M;&4]


M
#`P

P@,C`Q
M,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M




T1F;VYT



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D





M=&@]
T0Q


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]




G!X

!S;VQI


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






C`Q

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT

38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M














T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



G!X





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





M;&]R.B-E

G!X




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C0U





G!X.W!A9&1I


P


M





#`U
M

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




T1F

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O






P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;&4]





#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



C`Q

'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E







#`U



M


M;VTZ

V8Q



#`U




#`U


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



#`U

3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3


P

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F9A:7(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O
M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/G9A;'5E/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/DQE=F5L)B
Q
M-C`[


M1#


M;VTZ

V8Q



T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P








3MP861D:6YG


2!C;VQS



Y8CL^
S8N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

Y8CMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ

M93HQ


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1V97)T:6-A

B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^
C
Y



M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R



Y8CL^
3`W+C




3X\


G!X




#`U




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(S`P-3





M.B
P

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R



Y8CL^1FEX960@:6YC
M;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1C;VQO

#`U


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1V97)T:6-A

B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^-S0N
M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXW-XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


#`U
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







'!T.SX\9F]N



&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P


C`E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/C(U



M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/DEN


T1F;VYT+69A


#`U






M9RUT;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

V8Q







M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`U
SEB

M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXR

T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M1&-O;&]R.B
P







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V

V8Q


'0M86QI9VXZ

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/E1O=&%L(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U



M+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M;&4]

P
M

T0G=F5R=&EC




Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXS
M
S
N



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P




M93!E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U



M



T0U


2!C


T0Q


2!C;VQS


T0Q



Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X



#`U



M

7!X('-O





#`U




#`U


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



M-3

M.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O


M;&]R.B
P
F4Z.'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/G9A;'5E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`U

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


38P.S(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC







T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I




M;W1T;VTZ





M-3


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M;W`Z



'!T.SX\9F]N






M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C$S

T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M;&4]

P
M
#4S.6([/B8C
38P.R8C









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P


M;W(Z(S`P-3






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U



P



M;W(Z(V4P93-F

#`U




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E



#`U


F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C(T-RXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U

M(V4P93-F

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



Y

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/CDN
#PO



#`U
SEB





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P

M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





#`U

M(V4P93-F

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P

M/3-$






#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M



T0Q/CQD




M=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F9A:7(F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`U

G!X

M86X]




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;&4]






T0R






M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3DV+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXX,2XR/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3$U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HQ




M/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;VTZ



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1V97)T

B!S

G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^-C4N


G!X



M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R



M:'0Z






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


C
N
#PO



M



T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXR,RXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.R!R;W=S





M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L








M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C9P=#XH9BD\+W-U

T1V





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I










M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HQ


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXQ.2XX/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M)B
X


G!X.R!R




M;&4]







M




3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N

T1V97)T

B!S

G!X

M






3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`U

G!X.W!A


#`U




#`U

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB




#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O

P
#4S






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





#`U

7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3,Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M;W1T;VTZ

T1F;VYT+69A



#`U

7!X('-O;&ED




M



T0U


2!C


T0Q


2!C;VQS


T0Q



Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

C`Q




#`U

G!X

#`U
M






38P.SPO



Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B


T0S('-T


#`U

M

M=W-P86X]



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ




M3&5V96PF(S$V


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M




M:71I97




M;&4]





M



T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T








M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P



\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#L^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[




M9RUT;W`Z

6QE


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ

M


C`E.V9O;G0M

M86X]





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N







Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


#`U


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


C$T+CD\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


P

M;W`Z

#`U


P
#4S.6([8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M

30N.#PO9F]N

P



7!X('-O;&ED

P
#4S.6([8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


4[=&5X=UA








M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T

@:6YT


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



M97(@9FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97



T0G9F]N


3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE
6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@




M861E($--0E






M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.SX\9F]N


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@9G5N9'



M8F5N8VAM87)K(&EN9&EC97


T0P('-T



M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.SX\


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@:6YS=7)A;F-E(&-O;G1R



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M



3X\9&EV('-T











3!P=#L^5&AE(&-H86YG92!I;B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H


@9F]R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

3(\+V9O;G0^


3!P





M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M





#`U

M;W`Z


#`U



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]


#`U
SEB
6QE

#`U
M

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P



P

P



G!X.V)O

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([


P

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([=&5X



M)B


@


M

P

3X\9&EV



P
M
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@


M.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/GEE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








M





Y8CL^
M


G!X.R!R;W=S



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXP




M;W`Z







3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C(Q+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W




M/3-$


Y8CL^-XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C4N

P


G!X.W!A9&1I




#`U
SEB.SY4;W1A;#PO




P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C(T+C8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





#`U

M;W`Z

#`U


Y


M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T

P
#4S.6([





Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB



Y8CMB;W)D

#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E

M
#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXQ+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ



#`U
M



#`U








Y

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N
M=&5R.SYO9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#`U

M;W`Z


#`U




P



M:'0Z





!S;VQI




Q-C`[



M

7!X('-O

P



M;&4]

M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SY%;F0F(S$V


M;&4]










M


G!X




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F





M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





G!X


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


T1V97)T

M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
2!F=6YD<SPO







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^
C(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P




F4Z

M-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P


M/3-$

Y


M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T

Y

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P


M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\


Y8CMB

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N

P
#4S.6([8F]R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A





X
C$W.W
@9&5S:6=N964N($EN








3(P)3MP



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-2XW)3PO

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





T1F;VYT

3!P=#L^(&]F('1O=&%L(%4N4RX@




#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


@=V5R92`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


'!T.SY096YS:6]N(&)E


@


N($ET

@
M9F]R('1H92!5+E



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I






M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

P



M













M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R;W=S





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T








3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(V







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X




M



R+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






#$X
M+3(P

M

G!X('-O

M



3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



@



'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P


G!X.W!A9&1I






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



G!X







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A9&1I




G!X.R!R




G!X



3X\

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD






T1F


T1F

XU/]F;VYT/CPO








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXQ,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q
M.TR



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P











M;G




#`P


T1F;VYT


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P


M

3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO9F]N

3(\




'!T.SXL


3!P=#L^


3!P

X
C$W.W
@96QE8W1I;VXL(#0P
2AK


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L
M(#(P



3!P=#L^+B!$:79I9&5N9'

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M


@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!5+E


M)B
X

'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1F;VYT


M8V4N(%1H92!S=6)S:61Y('!R;W9I9&5D('5N9&5R('1H97-E('!L86YS(&ES


M87


M=6)S:61Y+B!4:&5Y(&%R92!E;&EG:6)L92!F;W(@8V]V97)A9V4@;VX@86X@
M86-C97-S+6]N;'D@8F%S:7



M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S;VQI


@


M

V8Q.W!A



M
#`U


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P

M/3-$






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA






M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



M










G!X



M;&4]







M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
















M

M;W1T;VTZ





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



X
M

P










#`U



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U

M93-F



F4Z

M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXS+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





#`U

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB


P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`U



P

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M8FQI9V%T:6]N+!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S(&%N9!A(')E



M







M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U



P


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]












M





38P

6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


\



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XU/]F;VYT/CPO









G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M




T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXP+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

T1F;VYT+69A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



M;&4]

M93!E





B!S

G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^*#0N




B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E

G!X.W!A





3X\9&EV('-T






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z

#`U

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,3(N.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;&4]

7!X


!S;VQI9`C,#`U,SEB.V)O<F1E<BUT;W`Z,7!X('-O;&ED(
P
#4S.6([







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


M;G




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A
F4Z.'!T.SXR+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
















T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@








Y8CMP861D

M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SX\

P
#4S


P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W1T;VTZ

T1F



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


#`U


2!C;VQS




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED





M;65N='

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\





T0V



M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#4S.6([


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M=&ER964F(S$V













M/3-$


M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$






G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M/3-$



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M






T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M;&4]





M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^



3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M93HQ


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M=#L^
C`Q.TR,#(R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




M



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXT,RXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P






M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F]R(#(P
M
3



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-RXV


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A




F4Z,3!P
M=#L^(&EN('1H92!Y96%R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/B!L87-T('EE87(I(&%N9!R96UA:6X@870@
M=&AA=!L979E;!T:&5R96%F=&5R+B!!(&]N92!P97)C96YT86=E('!O:6YT
M(&EN8W)E87-E(&]R(&1E8W)E87-E(&EN('1H92!A<W-U;65D(&AE86QT:!C

@9F]R
M(#(P

68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?
M.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F
M-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@







3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYT:')E93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX@
M='EP97



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^,C`Q
M,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M




T1F;VYT




3!P=#MC

#`P

C`N
B!M:6QL


#`P
#MT97AT+61E

M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



C`Q

'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P

#`P






M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

38P.S
P(&9O
M;&QO=W

W)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


M








M;&4]

7!X

P
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C


3!P=#L^
M)B


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

M



M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ




M9VAT960M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

M/F%V97)A9V4F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


P


G!X


6QE


T1F;VYT+69A



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z








3

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ






M





M;W1T;VTZ











B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M
S@N














2!C;VQS


B!S

G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^
S0N

T1V97)T






F4Z.'!T.SXH,C,X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXS,RXQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#4S.6([



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


6QE/3-$)W9E

M
#`U




3X\9&EV


M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P


G!X.W!A9&1I




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;VTZ

V8Q

M/3-$




#`U
SEB.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C


P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#
N
C
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR



#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M/E-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G





M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M=6UP=&EO;G
@:6X@=&AE('1A8FQE(&)E;&]W+B!792!B96QI979E('1H92!L

M8F4@861J=7-T960@9F]R(&-H86YG97



M92!A;'-O('5S92!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(&1A=&$@=&\@97-T:6UA=&4@=&AE('1I







@8F%S

M(&%T('1H92!T:6UE(&]F(&=R86YT+B!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!I










#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N




'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD-RXY.3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N


'!T.SX@

M;F4[/C(P




M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0Q


M/3-$


T0G=F5R


P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D


G!X
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N



3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

XQ(T@



M;W`Z




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

XR(T@
RXX)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I







T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV











G!X.R!R











M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


38N-2`M


M;W1T;VTZ





M



2!C;VQS









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P






Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S





Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M.C$R


@8GD@;F5T=&EN9R!T:&4@;W!T:6]N(&-O


@96YD960@3F]V
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M=VED=&@]

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M

7!X('-O

P


M

P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC





6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N



M;VTZ


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT+69A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


G!X.W!A





3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S0N.3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^
S(N

T1V97)T






F4Z.'!T.SXQ,2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T




















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M







G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S$N-#
\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC



T1F;VYT+69A



T0R


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]

XQ/]F


#`U





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






P




M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\




#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






M.SXT

Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




P


M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





P



#`U

M(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



P

P


G!X



P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3

G!X



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



P


3X\


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O



M
C`Q

M:V5T('!R:6-E*2!F;W(@=&AE(&]P=&EO;G


M
C



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
R+C0@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

T)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U

6QE/3-$


P

3X\






#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C






#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





M

M8V5N=&5R.SY796EG:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'1E
6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

T1F;VYT



R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M






6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






T1T97AT

M97([/E=E:6=H=&5D+28C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SYA=F5R86=E)B
Q-C`[)B





Q-C`[)B
Q


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;&4]




2!C;VQS



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R




N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.SXR.2XR-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

M





M93HQ




M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z



&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







2!C



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X




3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE









M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]










M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XY/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M
#L@<F]W





M.SXT-RXT



3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A



F4Z.'!T.SXX+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M








M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

V8Q



#`U



P

P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E



#`U






#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P

T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SXT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



M93!E







M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R+71O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





3!P=#MC

#`P

'!E8W1E9!T;R!B92!A

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



T0R-3=P


T0U







M

P



G!X




@:6X@=&AO=7-A

P

3X\9&EV



M


M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

M;W1T;VTZ




!S





M;&4]


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS













M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





G!X









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M;&4]

C`\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$R
M




M/3-$


M







M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


X


#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3MB;W)D97(M

#`U



P
#4S.6([

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#8N-C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

P

M/3-$




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

P

M/3-$




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G=F5R




68V-6-F
M9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR
M-6(R
S



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-


M

S`L(#(P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=&@]




M
T0Q

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

P



G!X.V)O




P



T1F



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG
M(')O=W-P86X]




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ


T1F;VYT+69A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L













F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z








P

M/3-$


P



M

P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3`W+C4\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









M



T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






M;W1T;VTZ













T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S.6([


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



P

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








#`U




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3,Y+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED









3@N








T0P(&-E;&QS



T0V

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P


3X\

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U




#`U



C`Q



M;&4]

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4')E=&%X(&EN8V]M93PO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
#L@<F]W





T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

M93!E





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S



G!X.W!A9&1I











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[








V8Q.V)O



M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

T1F

C8N
3PO9F]N=#X\


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



#`U



P



#`U



M:60@(S`P-3

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M(S`P-3

G!X.V)O


6QE/3-$

#`U




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T
M.SY!(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!5+E


Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M86X]


#`U

M93-F




C`Q

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D




M=#L^
C`Q

T1F;VYT+69A





























M

M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^






M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






G!X.W!A




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








M:71T960@96%R;FEN9W

T1V

V8Q



F4Z.'!T.SXH,BXP/]F;VYT





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






N

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






G!X.R!R;W=S















G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


&4S9C$[



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D


M














P





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D]T:&5R+!N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




P



!S;VQI


M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



T0G

G!X('-O;&ED




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

C8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]

#LE


Y8CMP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P




P



6QE/3-$

#`U




3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B,Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M93HQ


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P


G!X.W!A9&1I





P

3X\



M.SXR





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M(&)E;F5F:70@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M;&4]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

34R+C

M;&4]






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^







M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R






3X\9&EV

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

T1F


M;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





M93HQ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F





P



F4Z.'!T.SXH,C8N-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+7)I




P



M:'0Z


F4Z

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3DX+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#@N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$







M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YT86YG:6)L


M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





P

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


P


M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M




#`U

M;W`Z

M





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L












M
#`U




3X\9&EV


M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\




#`P


P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


M+B!S=6)S:61I87)I97





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$U+C`@;6EL



L(#PO9F]N

BXU




34L(#PO9F]N




3!P=#L^(&9R;VT@
C`Q-B!T:')O=6=H(#(P
C0@86YD

M/B0W

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M92UH96EG:'0Z


'!T




#`P


P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M52Y3+B!S=6)S:61I87)I97






#`P


T1F;VYT



M



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
C4N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`R
#PO


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M


T1F

3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO9F]N=#X\

C(\+V9O


M

M






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.SX@;F5T(&EN8W)E87-E(&EN











M960@96%R;FEN9W


M
#`P
F4Z
M,3!P=#L^(&%T(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I

'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M/B0T



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R





M.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SY86QA;F-E(&%T

M;&4]






T1F

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R









M.'!T.SXQ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




T1V97)T:6-A









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4F5D=6-T:6]N


&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M






BXV




G!X.W!A



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^)B
X



M;W`Z







M

M

M86X]






T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SY3=&%T=71E(&5X<&ER871I


M+6-O;&]R.B-E

M





3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[



T1V





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




F4Z.'!T.SX\


Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



P
M






M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

38P.S
P




P
M


P
#4S


P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S
N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`U



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




M=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M


'!T.SY);B`\+V9O


M

#`P

#$P


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$S


@

M.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@
M<F5C;W)D(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




C`Q

'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M;&4]

F4Z,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]F(&EN=&5R


M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







@=VET

M

@9F]R('1H97-E



M960@=&%X97
@;W(@=&%X(&%C8W)U86QS('5N9&5R(%53)B


M;&4@:70@:7
@;V9T96X@9&EF9FEC=6QT('1O('!R961I8W0@=&AE(&9I;F%L









M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
M
C5B
C


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

]

C`Q

]
T1P



@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


M



#`U
M



#`U


P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]



P



G!X



M86YD:6YG)B
X






M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



S(N



M




M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]





G!X









M





3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




2!C




G!X.R!R;W=S






P


G!X.W!A




@;W5T


P

M





#`U

3MB;W)D

#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$S


#`U
SEB.V)O


M93HQ


P
#4S.6([

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


P('=H:6-H('=E



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


M/3-$-C$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]






M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U

6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#4S.6([







#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





P

P


G!X



P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M





68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V
M.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C
M9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@






M=&%L(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M92!F=6QL('9O=&EN9R!R:6=H='
@97AC97!T('1H870@*#$I('1H92!V;W1I

@=VAO(&%R92!D965M960@=&\@;W=N(&)E




3!P=#MC

#`P










#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N







@;V8@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\8G(^

]
T1R93X-


M=&]P/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S($%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@



Y8CMF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#3TU-
M251-14Y44R!!3D0@0T].5$E.1T5.0TE%4SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


G!X.V9O;G0M





M(#
6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.SXL(&YO(&UA


M86YD(&ET(&ES('1H97)E9F]R92!P;W-S:6)L92!T:&%T('1H92!E=F5N='5A
M;!O=71C;VUE(&]F('-U8V@@8VQA:6US(&%N9!L:71I9V%T:6]N(&-O=6QD




M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S







T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^





T1T;W`^

@4V5G;65N='
@06YD($=E;V=R87!H:6
@07)E87
\+W1D/@T*

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M;W(Z(S`P-3


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

M:&5I9VAT.C$R






L(&-O;F1I;65N='







C`[4VEM


#M686AI;B8C
C
S.R8C.#(R
M

#M#;'5B($AO=7-E
M)B
X
C(Q.RP@)B
X
C(P.TMA;6ES)B
X
C(Q.R!A;F0@)B
X
C(P.TMO;VAI
M;F]R)B
X


M




@=VAI8V@@87)E('-I;6EL87(@:6X@8V]M

@=VET


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]


M
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US


M

M





M;65N=!T;R!A;F]T:&5R(&)U=!R871H97(@:6YV96YT;W)Y(&ES('1R86YS



M='


M-3


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C


T0Q


2!C;VQS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



#`U





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



#`U
M





M9RUT;W`Z



R!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M

M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`U

\+V9O;G0^



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/C(L-#$U+C

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U


&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I







M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M;VTZ





Y

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

M

P
#4S
M.6([/C$R



P
#4S.6([/C4W.XS/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T













#`U



M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

#`U
SEB.SXQ-RXS






P
#4S.6([/C0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M
#`U
SEB.SXR

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\



2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S



Y8CL^
C$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




P






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/C$L-CDU+C

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M




#`U








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#`U
M
SEB.SXR-3
N



3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U




Y8CL^




M.B
P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q

M

M





B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
M

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U
SEB.SXX.XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z












P


#`U
M

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




P

P




#`U

M(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






T1F;VYT












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



M;&4]







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

3$N.3PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C4T
M






M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


M;VTZ



XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M






M

M

M86X]






3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z








G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
2PU-3`N-SPO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C$T



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PV.30N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




M



'!T.SX\9F]N





M;VTZ



M/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






P




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M.'!T.SXF(S@R

P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT



P


G!X



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






T1F;VYT












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



M;&4]







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY/<&5R871I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]






3X\

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


T1F;VYT

XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V








B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M
RPT













T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

G!X('-O

M


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ




#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E







M/3-$


T0U


M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4W1A=&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U









M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

M;&4]

M93!E

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXR+#
U
2XU



M




M;&]R.B-E





M;VTZ




M+6-O;&]R.B-E











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M

P
#4S
M.6([/C0L

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXQ
M+#(Y


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


M(S`P-3

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXS
3@N








P




M93!E



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V










M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ




P




P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXY-C@N,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





M

7!X('-O




M;&4]



G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A







M.SXR+#`T

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



T1F;VYT

3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$



L
S
V+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





P
#4S





B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





XS/]F


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

#8N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

BPQ







M-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S





]

T1)1#!%


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S





]


]

F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO<CHC,#`U,SEB.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/E-54%!,14U%3E1!3!&24Y!3D-)04P@4U1!5$5-14Y4($1!5$$\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D


M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$






#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U



P


Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X





38P.SPO





T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

M93!E





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^






M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P


M


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







M
34N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F;VYT+69A

3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M;&4]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X








M

V8Q.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





P


G!X



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B



P

P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3(X+C
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






2P@<&QA;G0@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N


R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.SY,86YD(&%N9!I;7!R;W9E;65N='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^-#
N









F4Z.'!T.SXS.2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^0G5I;&1I;F=S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S(T+CD\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F







M/3-$





3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

T1F;VYT+69A



M;'-P86X]











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]











M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X('-O



P
M


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+7)I




P




P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






V8Q


P




#`U

M
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

M



#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


@86YD(&]T

M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3MP


M







M/3-$


M





XU/]F;VYT/CPO









G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T0R






3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A





T1F;VYT+69A
6QE/3-$

T0R('-T


#`U

M


M;&4]







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




P




#`U

3LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

T1F;VYT



#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M





M+6QE9G0Z










G!X












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O








F4Z.'!T.SXQ,3@N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M
C@N

P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E



F4Z.'!T.SXQ-S,N-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X('-O

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



P


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



G!X





38P.SPO





3X\

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






C
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M.3$N




&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M86X]







M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M
6%B;&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C



M







T+CD\+V9O;G0^





M;W1T;VTZ

M




T1T97AT+6%L

S$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M-#8N

3!P=#L^



M



T0V


2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U



M=#L^
C`Q


3`\

T1V97)T:6-A


















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(S



M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C0N-#PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(U





T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A





G!X.R!R;W=S



T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXT.2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P


P

P



F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#,N-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#,N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]
M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*&UI;&QI;VYS


P
#4S.6([)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SY!8V-U;75L871E9!O=&AE


R!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C








M;&4]

M93!E

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

38V+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3@P+CD\



T1F;VYT





M;&]R.B-E

G!X





3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$N
M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S



T1V

V8Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXH-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M+6-O;&]R.B-E

M





3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/B@R
S8N


M=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M


7!X





34Y+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

V8Q



Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

M

M
#`U

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P

G!X

#`U
M

F4Z.'!T.SXH-3DN,#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT







'!T.SY$:79I9&5N9'






M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^

@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

P



G!X.V)O


M;&4]

M;G
F(S$V

#MP97(F(S$V
#MS:&%R92!D871A*3PO9F]N



Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



#`U



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S








#`U
SEB.SXR



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M
#`U


M


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



#`U
SEB.SXD





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



#`U



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`U










M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U
SEB.SXS-34N


M;VTZ



Y8CL^
S@X+C0\+V9O





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

F4Z.'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C,Y,2XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

#`U
SEB.SXT.#(N



M




M





M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`U
M
SEB.SXQ
C$N


G!X



Y8CL^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;&]R.B
P


M



Y8CL^-S0N-3PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3


M;VTZ



Y8CL^
3`T+C0\+V9O





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M93HQ




M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P




3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`U
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG





M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/D1I;'5T960@
M96%R;FEN9W



P

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



P

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








P
#4S.6([/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C




3PO



M


Y8CL^
XS,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M



M/3-$


Y8CL^






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




#`U

3([0V]M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


Y8CL^



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




Y



M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M93HQ






M/3-$


Y8CL^-34N
#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A




3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXU
BXP-SPO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3

M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S

G!X

M




#`U
SEB.SXV-BXS-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


Y8CL^-34N
3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M








F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXW.#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






M

















M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





G!X



M93HQ










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXQ.3(N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





G!X.R!R;W=S



T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXY,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3







M


T1V97)T:6-A


M86X]







M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^










F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z







M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
XV.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]













M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&%N9!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@


G!X




M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


X
C$R.T-O

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SY(:6=H/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V







M

M

M86X]




T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M.#(Q
CM#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@3F]N+59O=&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.SY(:6=H/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

F4Z.'!T.SXU,XP
SPO

P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P



F4Z
M.'!T.SXT-XR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


T0R('-T


#`U

M


M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ









#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




'0O:'1M





]



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T





M9#L^36-#3U)-24-+)B



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/E9!3%5!5$E/3B!!3D0@455!3$E&64E.1R!!0T-/54Y44SPO9F]N

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXH24X@34E
3$E/3E




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






#`U

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

#M/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M




T1T97AT+6%L


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




F4Z.'!T.SY#;VQU;6XF(S$V,#M%/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




Q-C`[870\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SY#;W-T<R!A;F0\+V9O;G0^/]D





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




T1T



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M;CIC96YT97([/D5N98C,38P.V]F)B,Q-C`[4&5R:6]D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


38P.S


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M-3

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



#`U

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\




M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^*#$N


#`U


Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


Y8CL^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!O;B!N



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P


M


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS




#`U






M-3
Y8CL^


#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

P
M

T0G=F5R




M.B
P



M



M.B
P

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/B8C,38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



#`U


2!C;VQS



Y8CL^
S$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M
#`U

T0G=F5R






M
#`U


P










P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR


M;VTZ


P
#4S








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


C`Q
3H\


T1V97)T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P










T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]










T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





F4Z.'!T.SXH,2XR/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#`U

'!X





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


Y8CMP861D

M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXR-BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;VTZ

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M





M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X



3X\




R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T1F;VYT

M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L(#(P



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L









M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A










G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




M


T1V97)T:6-A











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O






P



F4Z.'!T.SXH,XU

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P


3X\9&EV


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M;&4]

G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M







M;VTZ





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I

P







#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
M
S



]
T1R




M
S`L(#(P


]
T1R;SX-

]

M;&4]






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


3!P=#L^5&AE













M:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5+E





T1T



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^0V%S:!A;F0@




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R







M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R







M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@:6YC=7)R






@

BDF(S$V
#MP87ER

I)B

@=VAI;&4@9&5V




@86UO







L(&)U

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD,C`N-2!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O


3!P=#L^



]



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O








M(&]R(&-H86YG97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M=&EO;G



L(&9U='5R92!E8V]N;VUI8R!A;F0@;6%R
M:V5T(&-O;F1I=&EO;G





@;6%Y(&1I







#`U



@




M:&4@8V%L8W5L871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E+!T:&5N('=E('=O=6QD(&1E=&5R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M






M9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@<F5C;V=N:7IE(')E=F5N
M=64@=VAE;B!W92!H879E(&%N(&%G<F5E;65N=!W:71H('1H92!C=7-T;VUE



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



N(%)E=F5N=64@:7

M(&%L;&]W86YC97


M/E1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E(&%M;W5N='
@8FEL;&5D


]


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3





M


#`P
M





'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N





T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@06YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4W


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



3!P=#L^

'!T

M;F4[/C(P







M=7!P;W)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M+!W97)E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
#PO9F]N


M=&EO;G


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#@V+C(@;6EL


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D
M95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]



]


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ


M






M







M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

P







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

RPX
SDN
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M






2!C;VQS



L-3

M






M/3-$


X

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




M

G!X('-O




P
#4S.6([






M87)T7S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S
Y9@T*0V]N





]

M
T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



\+W1D/@T*

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

C`Q
CPO9F]N


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q

M=&@]








#`U


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^










P
#4S.6([)R!R









M;&4]

7!X

P

3X\9&EV('-T


F4Z.'!T.SY'<F]S








T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P



M









7!X('-O





Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



F4Z.'!T.SXR-2XP/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T1V

M;&4]




T1F;VYT+69A





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ





M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SY<F%N9!N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T0S

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M

M
#`U



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

P
#4S.6([)R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M.B-E

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PY.#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M

7!X('-O;&ED






\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

BPP-#




#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

3MP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N

P
#4S.6([8F%C

P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

BPP-C4N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S






M;VTZ




M($]F($=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

P+`R,#$R/]F;VYT






3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I





3



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


#`U




#`U
SEB



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B


3(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P

M/3-$







#`U

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D-O


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I













M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







M


T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







G!X.W!A9&1I










T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
30T+C$\+V9O;G0^


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

C8N


T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R



M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E











M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
34N-3PO9F]N=#X\



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B@P



T0G=F5R=&EC


P


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U



P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PU-3$N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F;VYT

P


M/3-$



M
#`U

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X

P
M









P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


T1F

N-3PO9F]N=#X\

M8S8Y
C5B
C


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


M1#$^

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^


M97-T;65N='



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ





T0P(&-E;&QS



T0V
24@




T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



P
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M





M








&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


M


M/3-$





2!C;VQS



M;VTZ










M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

X+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`U

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SY.970@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



M;VTZ










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M

M;&]R.B-E







M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N
F4Z.'!T.SY.;VYC=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.V)A

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S
M7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P



]



G!X.V9O


@87
@

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]








#`U





3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`U
M


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

P
#4S






M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X












M/3-$


M







M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S





B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#PO9F]N





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




P

!S



#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X





T1V97)T:6-A


M;W1T;VTZ







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2XR-24@;F]T97
@9'5E
M(#(P
3









2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ





XP/]F







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#HQ




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ
M






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S





M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M





M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXV
R4F(S@R
M













T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY/=&AE<CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT



T0R


#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



30N
M









3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C$L
#

T1V97)T:6-A


T1F;VYT+69A














Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



T0G=F5R=&EC





3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[




#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$


3(P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#`P




#`P




3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT


M



F4Z.'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE
M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M-2XR




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

@
M;V8@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
P@,C`Q,B!W87,@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
#`P

T)3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(U

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^(&YO=&5S(&%T(&$@



M.B
P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$


3(P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#`P




#`P







T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

M




P
#4S





N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M;&4]




3X\9&EV

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$V/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z




M;W1T;VTZ



XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$




Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C
P




3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I
M9'1H.C$P


T0Y


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`U




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











M/3-$



T1V97)T



34\

T1V97)T

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






P

2!C




M
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S







]




M
S`L(#(P


L($9A:7(@5F%L=64@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M


]






M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


Y8CL^07
@;V8\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/DYO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L(#(P


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P

2!$97)I=F%T:79E<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ





P

M86QA;F-E)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




P
#4S.6([/DYO=&EO;F%L)B


M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





M93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE



P
#4S.6([/D)A;&%N8V4F(S$V
#MS:&5E=#PO9F]N

Y8CMT97AT+6%L:6=N

P


Y8CL^
M3F]T:6]N86PF(S$V
#MA;6]U;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q




M

P
#4S


Y8CL^3W1H97(F(S$V
M
#MC=7)R96YT)B


Y8CL^

V8Q



#`U



P
#4S.6([/C$P
XP/]F;VYT/CPO

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

T1F

P
#4S.6([




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`U



P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M;VTZ




P









#`U
SEB


P



M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P



M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




Y8CL^
3(S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X


M


#`U
M

T0G=F5R=&EC








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



#`U
SEB.W1E

38P.V%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U


T0R('-T


#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




Y8CL^




#`U

P




Y8CL^)B


M
#`U



M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M;&4]

G!X





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXR+C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





#`U
SEB



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3F]V96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,P@
C`Q
3H\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF







G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




#MP


M:'0Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M

G!X('-O

P


G!X.W!A9&1I






#`U

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





T1F




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P








#MS




38P


M



M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^87-S971S/]F








F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R



M/3-$



T1V


M




Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


T0G=F5R=&EC



P



M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

M.'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


M93HQ

C`Q
CPO


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



P
#`P


P
#`P








M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
















M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M





M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T













'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PP,S4N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M







M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M='



M;&4]




2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T








M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




P
M


P
#4S.6([8F%C


#`U
SEB.V)A

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






P




P
#4S.6([)R!R







L($9A


]

M=6UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M




T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&AE9&=E<R`H;6EL
M;&EO;G


M9RUT;W`Z





M928C


T1F










#`U

G!X

M86X]



P



G!X


C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^




T0G=F5R=&EC





#`U



M+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XW/]F;VYT


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



]









M:'0Z





M

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M;W1T;VTZ

B!S='EL


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#MS=&%T96UE;G0@;&]C871I;VXF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


F4Z
M.'!T.SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#MR96-L87-S:69I960F(S$V,#MF<F]M)B,Q-C`[
M04]#228C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB



T0Q/CQD:78@



P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\



M.SXR


M;W`Z







T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



Q
M-C`[97AP96YS928C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P

V8Q.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F




M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M

M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

P
#4S.6([

Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


#`U

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.W!A

M



M;&4]

7!X




M


P
#4S



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT


#`U




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M;VTZ



M

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P


P





M;&4]

XT/]F


#`U





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M(S`P-3






P



M(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F

G!X



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M;W1T;VTZ


Y8CMP861D

M

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P





P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X
M8S8Y,C5B,C,S.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V
M-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O
M4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#











@86YD

M='


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@





#`U
SEB.SYV86QU928C

M
38P.V%S)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#L@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
PF(S$V,#LR
M,#$R)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U
SEB.SXH;6EL;&EO;G



M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I




#`U
SEB.SY

P


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^3&5V96PF(S$V

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




V8Q.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^-SDN
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

T1F

P
#4S.6([



M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M







M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/D)O;F1S)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B,P,#4S.6([/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9&5R:79A=&EV97,\+V9O;G0^/]D





P





3X\9&EV



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV('-T


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^)B
X




M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

#`U
SEB.SXQ-BXW






P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q




3X\

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M
#`U

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]




#`U
SEB.SXP+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T



&4S

M;W1T;VTZ





M-3
Y8CL^)B
X

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M





#`U
SEB.V)A


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P
#4S





Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


3X\
6QE/3-$

#`U

3MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED

M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

V8Q


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXY
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

3MB;W)D

#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M



#`U



P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P
#4S






&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



M/3-$


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M.V-O;&]R.B
P

M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXQ+CD\+V9O;G0^




M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M


Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#4S.6([/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9&5R
M:79A=&EV97

M;&4]

7!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`U

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P9F8[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X









M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




M
#`P


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ

3MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M;W`Z

#`P


M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




#`U

M(V4P93-F

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



Y

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/C(N
#PO



#`U
SEB

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#!F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R




M;CTS1#$R(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




M






M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




M;VTZ

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T

R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




Q-C`[=F%L=64F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V,#LQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



M.'!T.SY



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^-3



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C4S



T0R






M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






CL\




M












M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


X
C$R



M







M/3-$



T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M




M9&5R:79A=&EV97




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




G!X.R!R;W=S




M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M



P


M/3-$

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



P

M/3-$





M



#`U
SEB



#`U


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`U




T1F;VYT




M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X.W!A9&1I






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P


3X\9&EV('-T

P


G!X




P

2!C;VQS




P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ



P

Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



#`U




#`U

6QE

#`U






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC
M85\X8S8Y
C5B
C


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^




M871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=&@]
T0U

M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

P
#4S.6([)R!R




3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`U
SEB




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#4S.6([




3!P=#L^)B

#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U



M.CAP=#L^
C`Q

M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





#`U



C`Q



M;&4]


M.#(Q

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E







2!C




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





2!C;VQS






T1F;VYT

M;&4]




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M




G!X









M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X




N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C
N
M



3X\9&EV('-T



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


#`U
M

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




T1F



M.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M;&4]

G!X

V8Q.W!A9&1I







Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M









T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



M;&4]

7!X

P


M/3-$

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;W1T;VTZ

P



T1F


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






T0S


#`U

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T1V

M;&4]









T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M




M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
SDN
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

\

T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A




M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G














#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P










M=64@87




M

#`P

#$Q

@86YD(&EN=&5R;F%T





T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


Y8CL^07
@;V8@
M3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P



#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]




Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M


M93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE



P


#`U



#`U
SEB.W1E


M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E






#`U
SEB.SY
979E

P


M-3
Y8CL^3&5V96PF(S$V

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M;&4]


M(S`P-3



P
#4S.6([/C
V+C




3X\


G!X




#`U


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A







#`U










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






M=B!S='EL93TS1&-O;&]R.B
P

T1F

P
#4S.6([



P


G!X.V)A8VMG





&4S



F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C$S,2XX/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T










Y

'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



Y8CL^.3`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXY


M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
&5D
M(&EN8V]M92!S96-U<FET:65S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ

'!T

T1F

P
#4S.6([



M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



Y8CL^-S0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X



3X\

Y8CMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ
W!X.V9O



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1V97)T:6-A

B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R




M;&]R.B
P

M

M





B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
M



#`U


M




M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W1E


Y8CL^



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


R!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M

M;&]R.B-E




M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S



Y
M8CMT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ


M:'0Z



M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V

V8Q


'0M86QI9VXZ






2!C;VQS



M;W(Z(V4P93-F

G!X




Y8CL^
C$N
M




#`U


M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







'!T.SX\9F]N



&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$






P


M/3-$





#`U
SEB.SXD

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S




Y8CL^-3$Y+C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








7!X



#`U

P
M





Y
M8CL^
S

T0G=F5R=&EC



7!X('-O



V8Q.V)O




#`U

P


3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^
38P+C

M;&4]

G!X




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#`U

P

2!C



Y8CL^
C8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[




M86X]

T0Q


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([


Y8CL^07
@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
M
S`L(#(P



#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-E







M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.W!A9&1I


M.B
P
#4S.6([=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O


M;&]R.B
P

M

#`U



#`U
SEB.SYV86QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



M
#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/DQE
M=F5L)B
Q-C`[



#`U


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B,P,#4S.6([/CDN,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U

T1V

V8Q




B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R



3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R


#`U


M=#HQ

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M




#`U
SEB.SXQ
S
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`U
M
SEB.SXF(S@R


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X.W!A9&1I



M



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N












#`U
M










#`U
SEB.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M5+E


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]









&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#`U

'!T

'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M



Y8CL^



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

T0Q




#`U
SEB.SXF(S@R

M

P
#4S

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M.V-O;&]R.B
P

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`U



#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I




M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#4S

P
#4S.6([8F%C

P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P


M
6QE

#`U

3MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O

P

P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E

Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT





P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M








M=F5L)B
Q-C`[

F4Z.'!T.SY,979E;8C
38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





M




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.W!A




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQS=7`@<W1Y;&4]
T1V97)T

B!S

G!X

M



M.CAP=#L^-CDN


G!X



M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


X
C$R



M




T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z






M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^2&EG:!Y



M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(S



T0R






M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

C
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^





M



6QE/3-$


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

38N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ




M/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@='EP97,@;V8@:6YV97-T
M;65N=',Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3DN.#PO



M



T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^


G!X



3X\



M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X.R!R;W=S




M



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M

P


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


T1F


CPO9F]N=#X\

P




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#4S





P


3X\9&EV



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M86X]

T0Q


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07
@;V8@3F]V
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

M1#


M;VTZ

P

3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P


M




P



G!X


M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R
M.SYV86QU928C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V
#LR


Q-C`[
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M
#MP861D:6YG


2!C;VQS



M;VTZ





3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R;W=S




3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A




3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1T97AT+6EN9&5N=#HQ

M

M:'0Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R






3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

X



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

3@N



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.SXQ.XQ





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W1T;VTZ

P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5&]T86P@:6YV97-T;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P



M



P


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C(Q


#`U
SEB.V)O


M93HQ






P


M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


#`U


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


C$T+C@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.V)O


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

F86UP



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M


3X\




M:'0Z


I
6QE/3-$;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^












M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M



M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1V97)T:6-A





M/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT


T1W:61T:#HR-G!X.R!R;W=S






3X\9&EV('-T



M

T1V




M
T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E($EN($9A:7(@5F%L=64@3V8@3&5V96P@
R!096YS:6]N
M(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M=W

M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([/BAM


M;&4]

7!X

P

3X\9&EV('-T




#`U
SEB
6QE

#`U
M


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

M

#`U



#`U


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]


#`U


#`U


P

T1F;VYT

P
#4S.6([=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([/F%N98C



#`U


#`U



M9RUT;W`Z






P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C$Y+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M93HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O




P
#4S.6([/C`N-SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$=F5R


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#`U
M
SEB.SXR

'!T.SX\9F]N





M.B
P

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/C0N.#PO




M
6QE


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U

T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`U



P





#`U
SEB.SXD


P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P



#`U




Y8CMB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P





#`U
SEB


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`U

M;&4]

G!X


#`U
SEB.W!A



#`U





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`U



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M.B
P

T0G=F5R





P
#4S.6([/C(V+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ


@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


G!X



'0M86QI
M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SYO9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`U




P


G!X.W!A9&1I







I(&=A:6YS



M)B


@


M

P

3X\9&EV




#MO9CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV











2!C;VQS



M;VTZ








G!X.W!A


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


T1V97)T:6-A

T1F

XS/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M






T1F;VYT










T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^



3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XX/]F;VYT





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A
M;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

C(N

P


G!X




M:60@(S`P-3

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

M(S`P-3

G!X.V)O



M(S`P-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P

2!C;VQS


M-3



F4Z

M-3

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P


M/3-$

Y


M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T

P
#4S

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




]



M;V-K(%M






M92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O
F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

P





P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


T1F


F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ




C`Q
M


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M/C(P

T1V














T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S$N.#PO9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

M


'0M86QI


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T










T1V







S(N
M





M;W(Z(V4P93-F




3X\

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F





G!X





M;W1T;VTZ



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M

M





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F5D(&YE=!A8W1U87)I86P@;&]S<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V









3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









'!T.SX\9F]N







V8Q




M

P


M



P

2!C



M

G!X('-O


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



#`U



P



#`U

6QE/3-$

#`U






7!X('-O;&ED

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\




M

G!X('-O


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]



#`U

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M



#`U

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


]




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`U


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R
M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`U

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT



M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

F4Z.'!T.SY96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




3X\


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@







M;W`Z

M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ








G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M/3-$



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






T1F

B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

S`N




M.SXQ









T1F;VYT+69A
F4Z.'!T.SY%;7!L;WEE92!C;VYT<FEB=71I


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






T1F

@

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






M;&4]




T1F;VYT+69A
F4Z.'!T.SY!8W1U87)I86P@;&]S<SPO9F]N



M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG






6QE/3-$

M

M;W1T;VTZ





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$Y+C8\+V9O;G0^









&4S


















M9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z





M/3-$


T1V97)T


M

7!X('-O;&ED







M.'!T.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N



Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N
F4Z.'!T.SY96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@96YD(&]F('EE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







M.'!T.SXW
S4N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





T1F




#`U



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


S`P+C@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


T0G=F5R=&EC



P


M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD








M/3-$


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M

&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M;VTZ





XY/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A





M





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXQ.3DN,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T










3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C@N
M

T1F


M;VTZ



SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








3L@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z















M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M/3-$



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





3`N







F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^









M







CL\+V9O





M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



M;&4]


M



M;W`Z





M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S






M9RUT;W`Z


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`U

G!X


#`U



P


G!X


#`U


P


P

P


M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F


#`U


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-E

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`U

3MP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


#`U
SEB.V)A


M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#4S.6([)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M;W1T;VTZ



P
M






M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








34N-#PO9F]N




M


M-3

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P


G!X.V)A

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.SXH
M-3,N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I

2!C






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


R!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D
M(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A





M-C`N





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXU,S`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V

V8Q




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

30T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




M;&4]

3DN.#PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P


P

P



F4Z.'!T.SXQ,C$N-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




]


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ


'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C$P<'0[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q

M(&9O;&QO=W

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S;VQI


T0T


#`U

M;W`Z

#`U



3(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`U

G!X

M86X]



P



G!X









M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C
N-#PO9F]N


M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





2!C;VQS



T1V


M;&4]

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1FEX960@:6YC;VUE('-E
M8W5R:71I97

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I










M/3-$

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M=#L^
C4N


M=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M

7!X('-O




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

3(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U

G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C4N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



!S




M;W1T;VTZ



#`N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M

#`N
#PO9F]N






M97AT($)L;V-K(%M



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

3`@



3!P=#L^/&1I

3`P



3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

P



M:'0Z






M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

M
3










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







3X\9&EV('-T


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$U/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








3X\9&EV('-T


3PO



M




G!X.R!R





G!X



3X\

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD








3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q.TR
M



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O











3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I








2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#4S





Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S


#`U

M;W`Z


#`U



M
C`Q


3`\+V9O







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^














M;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



M8V]S='

M

M


'0M86QI







M

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]






M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



3X\9&EV('-T





M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL


M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M
F4Z.'!T.SY0;W-T<F5T:7)E

P



M

#`U



P

P


M



P

2!C




P


G!X




P

2!C;VQS








'!T.SY2;VQL9F]R=V%R9'
@;V8@=&AE(&)E


F(S@R


#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C







T0Q
24@



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXH;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#`U

M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P


G!X





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




G!X








M;W1T;VTZ






M




M93HQ






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X.W!A



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


M=&EO;G

M

M


'0M86QI


'!T.SX\9F]N





M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M






T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@













M




M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
XX/]F;VYT




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^








6QE/3-$

M

M;W1T;VTZ





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N.#PO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M;&4]

M






T1V

V8Q


'0M86QI9VXZ


G!X.R!R



M





M;6EN871I;VX@8F5N969I='




M




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M

F4Z.'!T.SXH,RXU/]F


3MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0F5N969I='
@













#`U
M




Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SY96YE
M9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




M

V8Q.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O;&ED




T1F;VYT+69A

M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.3DN,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


M
#`U



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@


M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T

M;G0Z




M.SXF(S@R



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F
F4Z.'!T.SY%;7!L;WEE<B!C;VYT

T1F;VYT

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M












M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M


P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#4S



P
#4S



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT




M-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`U

M



3X\9&EV('-T






M

3(N.#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N






M;VX@4&QA;G


M

@86YD($]T:&5R

@5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C

M86QI9VX]


]






T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S


M1#


M;VTZ

P

3X\



M.SY5;FET960F(S$V
#M3=&%T97


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M9RUT;W`Z

6QE/3-$


M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

F4Z.'!T.SXR
M,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$U/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXR-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.SXR.2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R






3X\


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I







P


M/3-$










'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M




M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

P



G!X




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[



M:'0Z





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG








XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R






3X\


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S0N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






]


M:'0Z










T0Q



M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M=#L^
C`Q

M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M;&4]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT




F4Z.'!T.SXU,RXP/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO



&4S9C$[



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B4\+V9O;G0^/]D


M














P





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/D]T:&5R/]F


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$


N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M(S`P-3

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P


G!X



P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

T1F;VYT+69A




#`N
M




P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M








M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5*0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


]






G!X


M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

P



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

P






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;&4]

7!X


M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



T1V97)T

V8Q.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

N
C

M;&4]

M93!E





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M.'!T.SXS-3

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M





&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N





M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N







M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$T-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M

G!X.W!A9&1I




BXX



M;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T






M




M;&4]




6QE


M/3-$


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






#`U
SEB.V)A8VMG

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




XY,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
M

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M




T1T97AT+6%L





M93HQ




3([96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

V8Q.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



#`U

G!X.W!A

&4S9C$[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T1F

S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T1F

RXR
SPO9F]N=#X\



#`U



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P





P
#4S


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

S4N-#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

M
T0Q






#`U

M;W`Z


#`U






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M93!E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



P



#`U



M
C`Q

P

3X\



M.SXR


M;W`Z







'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F




3X\

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



BXT



M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXR+C<\+V9O





3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

XT(T@
C0N





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N

P




P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C8N
M



M86QI9VX]




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
38P.S
P(&9O;&QO=W

M1#



T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0X)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


F4Z.'!T.SXH<VAA

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S








Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q



P





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B


P






Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U





T1T97AT+6%L

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SY796EG:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F


T1F;VYT


P



M





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T1V







G!X.W!A





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;&4]






M:'0Z




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-30N




M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






T0R('-T





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M

M


'0M86QI

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









G!X.R!R











M




Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

V8Q



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

7!X('-O




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

X





P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`U



M



M.CAP=#L^
S`N

T0G=F5R





P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

S

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T






#`U

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P



F4Z.'!T.SXS-XY


#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXS,BXP,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`U

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E





P

P
#4S.6([

M;VTZ

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`U

3MP861D:6YG+71O


F4Z.'!T.SXS-XY.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR



#`U


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED









XX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




]

]



M





M


#`P
M


M93HQ





M
T0Q

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Y)2!R




#`U

3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.V)O


M86X]


#`U

M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]




P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N



P


M;&4]



M;&4]


M;'-P86X]


#`U

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M















T0R('-T


#`U

3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SY796EG:'1E9T\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE
M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[

M;VTZ





Q-C`[)B



M
#LF(S$V
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M




3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^





M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V

V8Q





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A



RXR-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

S@N
#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







&4S9C$[

M;VTZ





SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXS-RXY-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z





SPO9F]N=#X\

6QE

M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M9RUT;W`Z









&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`U

3MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M
#`U

G!X.W!A9&1I

&4S9C$[8F]R9&5R

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`U
SEB


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





#`U

M(V4P93-F

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M

M
#`U


P

P
#4S.6([)R!R





Y8CMB86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



7!X('-O


Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ



T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0V-W!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
W!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-7!X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`U
SEB



#`U


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R;W5N



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#4S



#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V

T1F;VYT


M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F

\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/CQF;VYT


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.SYP
M<FEC93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

T1F









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M



M

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3(P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXT.XW.#PO9F]N=#X\







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P

M/3-$



Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F;VYT

P


M/3-$


P





Y8CMB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`U


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X

P
M











#`U

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U
M8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]






]
'!E



]




M


M=VED=&@Z




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#4S.6([


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M

F4Z
M.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('-T


#`U

M


#`U



C`Q
M



3`\+V9O;G0^



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M9RUT;W`Z





F4Z.'!T.SXW-BXU/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


G!X.W!A9&1I



M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3`N
3PO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.SXR-BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


Y8CLG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

Y8CMB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



7!X('-O;&ED




#`U

M93-F

#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P

M/3-$



M
#`U






P

Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A

F4Z.'!T.SXR,2XS/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F
F4Z.'!T.SXY+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T1V





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]




M;W`Z



P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


P





#`U
SEB


#`U



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M;VTZ

P








M


#`U

M9RUT;W`Z

#`U


P


3X\9&EV('-T



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



#`U



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M/3-$

Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30R+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P

2!C;VQS




Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3

G!X



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





]





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

M;VYS(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
@9F]L;&]W.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P








P

3X\9&EV



M



Y
M8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^4')E=&%X(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





M93-F

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



M93HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M


F4Z.'!T.SXS-3<N

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M




Y8CMP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


Y
M8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#4S





Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
M



#`U


M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


T1F


P




M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#4S






P


3X\9&EV




M92!5+E




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


T0G9F]N





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



3X\9&EV



M


F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`U




M



G!X.W!A9&1I



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C
U


M




G!X





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M;&]R.B-E




3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N













M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






M.SY5+E

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R;W=S





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



G!X.W!A


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L









M9RUT;W`Z



T1F






2!C;VQS


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M.CAP=#L^*#$N



T1F;VYT+69A

M87(@=&%X(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M;&4]

M93!E

G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z.'!T.SXH,XQ


M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
















M.CAP=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#LE/]F;VYT


T1T;W`^

M97


'!T



3(P)3MF






M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



#`U
SEB



#`U


P

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F]R9&5R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M





M




R!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C








6QE

M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A














M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M
















T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`U



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

Y8CMB
M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




Y
M8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


#`U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U
SEB.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

F4Z.'!T.SXR,S`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#DN.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`U
M



2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N

P

M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`U

M93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T0R


#`U

3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








#`U

G!X


M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`R+C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





3X\9&EV('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


T0G=F5R=&EC


M07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O












T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;G0Z

'!X.SX\





T0V



M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P


G!X.W!A





P

M



M.'!T.SXR


M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

&4S



F4Z.'!T.SXS,RXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V4P93-F



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O









M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






@9F]R('!R:6]R('EE87(@=&%X('!O


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A9&1I



B!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ







3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ












T1F;VYT+69A

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



34N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R96YC

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ

V8Q



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

7!X('-O

M


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ




#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P



M8V4@870@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

P



M93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U

M(V4P93-F






#`U

M93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M;&4]


P
M





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

Y8CMP861D:6YG+71O




M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S







3(P)3MP861D:6YG



M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($YO=F5M8F5R(#
P(&9O;&QO=W

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



T0G=F5R=&EC






#`U



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q

M/C(P

M

7!X('-O

P



M;&4]



G!X.W!A




3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3




M

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


M:71I97


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]









M93-F



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




F4Z

P




P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@06YT
M:61I;'5T:79E(%-E8W5R:71I97

@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R

@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(@
S`@=VAI

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=VED=&@]
T0V

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

P



M




P



M;&4]

!S

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

P



M:'0Z

6QE/3-$)W9E

M
#`U

3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M85\X8S8Y
C5B
C




CX\



]
T1T:#Y.
M;W8N(#


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4V5G;65N=!297!O

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M


T0Q


2!C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P





M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M



#`U







T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A



M
#`U





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



R!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$

M+6-O;&]R.B-E



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`U

\+V9O



Y8CL^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M

P
#4S
M.6([/C(L-#$U+C

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U


&4S
M9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B0\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`U
SEB.SXT+#`Q-XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V4P93-F



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


G!X.W!A






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I




M;W1T;VTZ





M-3
Y8CL^-PP,30N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

F4Z.'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/D]P97)A=&EN9R!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





P


M;&4]

P
M
#4S.6([/C$R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#4S.6([/C4W.XS/]F








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







'!T.SX\9F]N







#`U

T0R('-T

M(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#`U
SEB.SXQ




P
#4S.6([/C0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U
SEB.SXR

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q
M



M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


G!X.R!R



Y8CL^
C$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M

P
#4S
M.6([/C$L-CDU+C

T1V97)T

V8Q.R!R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ



Y8CL^)B
X
C$R.SPO


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M86X]




#`U








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M
#`U
SEB.SXR-3
N



M
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U
SEB.SXT+#$V-2XT




Y




M;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/B8C.#(Q

M;&4]

M93!E





B!S

M.B-E

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^
M)B
X

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`U
SEB.SXX.XX/]F;VYT/CPO




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









Y8CL^1&5P

P


M
#`U

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z.'!T.SX\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[)R!R





M(S`P-3
Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




P

P




#`U

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R


G!X



3X\

R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T1V97)T:6-A

T1F













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M

3$N.3PO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C4T



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

X


M;W1T;VTZ



XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M.SXR



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
6QE/3-$


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

C4N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




CL\+V9O;G0^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
2PU-3`N-SPO



M



'!T.SX\9F]N


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PV.30N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^










G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







CL\+V9O





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M/3-$



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]

3([





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A







P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`U




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F



P


M



G!X



3X\

R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T1V97)T:6-A

T1F













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



F4Z.'!T.SY/<&5R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



6QE/3-$


M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


T1F

XR/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1F;VYT













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M








B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M=#L^
RPT


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

G!X

M;&4]

3([

P
M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M


]
T1T




@
M87)E87





M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#4S

M;W1T;VTZ


G!X('-O







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P

M/3-$








Y8CL^
C`Q
CPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E

&4S9C$[

M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL

M

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`U





T1F;VYT+69A

P
#4S.6([/C(L
S4Q



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F

M;VTZ





Y

T1V97)T:6-A

V8Q.R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`U

30N


#`U
M
SEB.SY

T1F

P
#4S.6([
M/C$L

T0G=F5R=&EC








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U







M.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#4S.6([/C
Q.XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U

3LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B-E






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3F5T('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





G!X.W!A







M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

#8N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ






M



L-CDW+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






;VYG


P
#4S.6([




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

30N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





3`\


T1V97)T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M







M/3-$


M





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S





M-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXR+#$S-RXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`U


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC
M85\X8S8Y,C5B,C,S.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

M='
O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]




]



]


]










3(P







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



#`U
M



#`U


P

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F]R

Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


Y8CLG(')O=W-P
M86X]





M:'0Z






G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO




M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



C@Y



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M



M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4F%W(&UA=&5R



#`U

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#4S






M(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

T1F

T1F;VYT+69A

34N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M97




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

S0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







G!X.W!A9&1I








M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



M=#L^.3`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



P



G!X





P
#4S.6([8F%C:V=R

P





P
#4S


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3(X+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SY,86YD(&%N9!I;7!R;W9E
M;65N='




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







G!X.W!A











M:'0Z




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

S(T+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M

M

M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V












XV/]F;VYT









G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





P



#`U

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F





P




P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT
F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;&4]

38P




P
M



#`U
M

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^26YV97-T;65N='




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/C$T
M


M;VTZ






2!C






M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M.#8N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

F4Z.'!T.SXW,2XT/]F;VYT









G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
SEB.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T1F

38P.SPO9F]N




P
#4S.6([



#`U
SEB.V)A

3LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



#`U


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T1F;VYT
F4Z.'!T.SY087ER;VQL(&%N9!E;7!L
M;WEE92!B96YE9FET<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M;&4]









M;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,S4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;&5S(&%L;&]W86YC97


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


G!X


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

C@N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E


M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ-S,N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[




B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P-3
Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





XW/]F;VYT


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`U
M




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I
M86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M

7!X('-O







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M;VTZ

P
#4S.6([)R!R;W=S







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



V8Q


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M+6-O;&]R.B-E




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M.SXR
C





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3`U+C4\+V9O



2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X.W!A



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M






M;W`Z











M




T1F;VYT+69A



G!X




M;&4]





T0G=F5R





M86X]



M:7IE.CAP=#L^
S$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





P


M


Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F;VYT+69A

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]





M;W1T;VTZ

P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[

Y8CMB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B-E




M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$R/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M



#`U


M=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F


M93HQ


T1F;VYT+69A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z



B!S='EL93TS

&4S

M;W1T;VTZ







3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M;W1T;VTZ




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T



Y8CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
#4S

P
M


P


M

F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#,N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M(S`P-3
Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


]
M



@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0W

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S





M.SXH;6EL;&EO;G


3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#4S.6([









!W


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-E
&4S9C$[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]














T1F





3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



3MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T1V



G!X.W!A



G!X



T0R

M;W(Z(V4P93-F
3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#
R
XU/]F;VYT





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





#`U

M


#`U


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B





P
#4S










P


3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

Y8CMP861D


7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N


#`U
SEB.W!A



Y8CLG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V
M.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C
M9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'









'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



T0U



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P




M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T.SY&:7)S=8C
M
38P.R8C






Y8CL^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B













M






G!X.W!A9&1I



M;VTZ





Y

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M/3-$




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO






G!X.R!R




Y8CL^
2PQ-#4N



M






M/3-$


Y8CL^
S4U+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`U
SEB.SXQ
3(N-3PO9F]N



3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P-3
Y8CL^
3(Q+C

M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




#`U

T1F;VYT

P




T0R




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T1F

P
#4S.6([



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

#`U
SEB.SXQ-#@N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


M;&4]




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



Y8CL^




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^
M
2XQ



M:'0Z





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`U




2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

#`U





2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



P
#4S.6([/C`N

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



P
#4S.6([/C`N



Y8CL^36%R:V5T('!R:6-E
M)B
X


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



G!X.R!R;W=S



Y8CL^-3$N.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X




3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

#`U
SEB.SXV
2XT-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M(S`P-3
Y8CL^-C8N

T1V




M;&]R.B
P


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M-3

T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]




F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C4U+C`X/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




#`U
SEB.SXV
2XP


G!X



3X\

CM#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@3F]N+59O=&EN9SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/DAI9V@\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




Y8CL^
M-3(N



M





M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`U
M
SEB.SXV


G!X



Y8CL^-C8N




#`U
SEB.SY


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





P

P




F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C4P+C0S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




P


P


M

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#4S.6([/C8Q+C(P/]F;VYT


#`U






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



C`Q


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[/DYE=!S





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[









G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




M





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


2PQ
3`N



M




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


'!T.SX\9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]


'!T.SX\9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,XV.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


















M






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I










M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1F;VYT+69A







3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.D%R:6%L.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M/C`N





G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






T0R



F4Z.'!T.SXU,XR


M







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


M



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


F4Z.'!T.SXT-XP
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]






3X\

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@






M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ07)I86P[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^2&EG:#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`U




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ07)I86P[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&]W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

G!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`U
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M;&4]

G!X

M;&4]

RXY.#PO

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`U
M




T1T97AT+6%L





M93HQ



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O





]




@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G



M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
N



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDT




]

]



T1T;W`^



3@W+C




]



]
T1R

M(%M



M=&5R(%-O9G1W87)E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]
T1T97AT
M/C








]
T1T


M


]

:6YE







M9G1W87)E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]
T1T97AT/C$R('EE





]





@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]
T1T97AT


68V
M-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC
M-CDR-6(R
S




^+RH@1&\@


$5)





]

]

M86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y.;W8N
M(#

M=BX@
S`L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M075G+B`S
2P@
C`Q

@0V]N9&EM96YT


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M5W5H86X@07-I82U086-I9FEC($-O;F1I;65N='

C`Q




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^


M3F]V+B`S


]


M
S`L(#(P


#$R/&)R/DMI=&-H96X@0F%S


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB


@0V]N9&EM96YT




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]








#$P/'-P86X^

Q




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
#$S














L.#

L-3



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4\



]
T1T

]



]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C0Q+C








@86QL




]


]


@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O(&=O;V1W










]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]








]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C






M97

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XW/'-P86X^




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC
M85\X8S8Y
C5B
C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



@

M='


M1#(^

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S






]





]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
M
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
M
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.
M;W8N(#

M/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P











M







68V-6-F9&5?
M968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE970T
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@;W1H

C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

M26YD969I;FET92!

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1N=6UP


M9VX]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-CDU+C



T1T;W`^26YD969I;FET92UL


]




]















]
T1T97AT


T1T



M;F0@26YD969I;FET92!

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]


]


]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3$N


68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
M
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S



M:G


M9#TS1$E$






#$R

M
C`Q




S`L(#(P

M=BX@
S`L(#(P



]




]


]





]













]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
M

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@26X@069F:6QI871E

]

C`Q



]





M='


]



T1T;W`^36-#;W)M






@
M:6X@86YD($%D=F%N8V5S('1O($%F9FEL:6%T97

]
T1R

M1&YU;7`^-3`N




]
T1R93X-




M/3-$=&]P/E5N9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@;V8@=6YC;VYS;VQI9&%T








M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY
M8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S
M


T1T;W`^







]



S@N


]


]


]







]

]

]







]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]
T1N=6UP/C





]

M



]






]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^,RXY,4@3F]T97
@1'5E(#(P


]




]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C

M8V5E9'





]


M





]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]





M(&9A8VEL:71I97

M1&YU;7`^

M0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









]





M92`R








]



T1T;W`^0W)E


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY
M8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S







CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

CX\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@




]

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^










]



]
T1P



]








RXV/'-P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&ES8V]U;G1S(&%N9!F
M86ER('9A;'5E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1F;CX\



2XU/'-P


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U





]



]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M,RXY,4@3F]T97
@1'5E(#(P


]

]
T1F;CX\


]


]
T1F;CX\

]

]
M


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(U


T1T;W`^1&5B


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
N



C4E($YO=&5S($1U
M92`R
#$S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U




M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR



]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYO=&5S(&]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR




]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#4E





]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

C`Q-R!;365M8F5R







]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92P@
M3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97












M;7`^



M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C






]

]
M

]


C`R-!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



:6YE($ET96US






]
T1T97AT/C(P

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]

]
T1F;CX\


]





















]
T1N=6UP
M/C8N





M










M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C4N-30E




3$@6TUE;6)E

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]


]

]
T1F

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
#QS

]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]

M=64@






M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


T1T;W`^6S%=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M;F-E(&]F('1H97-E(&YO=&5S(&EN(#(P



#`@;6EL;&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@-2XR

M9V@@

M;W5R(&5F9F5C=&EV92!R871E(&%S(&]F($YO=F5M8F5RPJ`S

M


]







68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V
M.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C
M9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$500T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




@*$UA='5R:71I97
@3V8@3&]N
M9RU497)M($1E8G0I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS

S`L(#(P





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

#$N

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



M86QI9VX]







]

M97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI

S`L(#(P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C


]

3DN



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?
M-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S












3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T0Q/CPO


C`Q


S`L(#(P
3(\


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

S`L(#(P


S`L(#(P
M


M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

M=64@

]



#`L
#`P/'-P
















]


]



T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!T


]










3`P+#`P

]
T1T97AT




]


]


]


]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C4N
C`E/'-P86X^






2XY


]

C`P+#`P


]









]








]


]



]


]


]


]


]







]






]


]


]



M86ER('9A;'5E(&AE9&=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]



@9'5E/]T9#X-B`@










#`L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!I;G-T

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4N













T1T;W`^2&5D9V4@:6YE




]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(L.#`P+#`P

]













;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*$9A:7(@5F%L=65S

I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I

C`Q

]

]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@







#`L
#`P/'-P



]





M
#`L
#`P+#`P

#`L



M(')A=&4@8V]N=')A8W1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#`L


3@L.3`P+#`P


]




M1&5R:79A=&EV97

]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^








]






3(S+#$P



]
T1T


M


]
T1T97AT

]

M86QI9VX]


M8F5R72!\($]T:&5R($%C8W)U960@3&EA8FEL:71I97


]


]

]













68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
M
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S
Y9B]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5)4$%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S





]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S






]




M







I(%M





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




M97


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


T1T;W`^/'-T

;W-S*2!;3&EN

]
T1T


M


]

]




T1T;W`^1V%I



]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]

]
T1R;SX-





I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@3T-)/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]

2XT







M;65N='

I(%M







]
T1N




RXT


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y
M.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S




^


M1$E$






]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


]


]

3QS


]





M8S8Y
C5B
C






]

]






]
M


]



\+W1D



M;F0@;W1H97(@;&]N9RUT97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



3(N



]

38N-SQS


]

]


]






M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9&5R:79A=&EV97

]












]





M9RUT97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



3(N

]
T1P




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP


]

]
T1N=6UP/CDR










]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A

M1&YU;7`^

]


]


M9VX]

]

M8WD@9&5R:79A=&EV97

]
T1N

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M86QI9VX]




]

M


M
T1T;W`^3&5V96P@


]




]







]

#QS


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]








#5?
M-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S





]






]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S



:6YE($ET96US



]



]



]


]

M;W-S97


]



T1T;W`^1&EV:61E


M


S@N


]



]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4N






]


]


]







]
T1N=6UP/C$V

]



M

]





T1T;W`^06-C

]
T1N=6UP/C4S





]
T1N=6UP/C$P

#`N

M=&EO;F%L(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]












T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(U









]
T1N=6UP/C



M8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



]


]


]








]




]
T1T

]



]
T1R


]

]
M


]





:6YE


]
T1T97AT


T1T

M







]



]



]


]



]



]


]




M9VX]


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='
@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T





]
T1N=6UP/C$P



]

]





















]

M1&YU;7`^-2XW


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



#5?-#%C
U\Y
M.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S






]




MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


]

]


]


T1T;W`^4V%L87)Y('-C86QE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







]




]


]







M96YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@56YF=6YD960@4&QA;B!;365M8F5R




]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0N
C`E

M-2XT


]










]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4N
3`E/'-P86X^



M;&%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]
T1T

]

M1&YU;7`^


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS
M(%M-96UB97)=('P@36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT







]


RXP


T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA











]



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


M($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C$N
M

]


]


]
T1R







]





]
T1N=6UP/C
P
M+C



]
T1N=6T^*#

S0N

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S







M;7`^
3
N


]

]
M




]






]












M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]

]
T1N=6UP

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N


]

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C(N



T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]
T1R

M



#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S
Y9@T*



]

M:60]




@06YD(%)E8V]N8VEL



^

S`L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P








M;G

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XX/'-P86X^




M86X@87-S971S(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@










]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]












]






M;7`^




]

]
T1N=6UP




]
M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1T

]



]


]

3QS


]

]
T1N





@870@








M1&YU;7`^-3



\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R:#X-







C



T1T;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C







M1&YU;7`^


]

]


]



]


]
T1T

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C










M1&YU;7`^




]
T1N=6UP/C
P
XX/'-P86X^/]S


T1T




]









T1T;W`^06-T=6%L(')E


]
T1N=6UP/C@N




]




M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

]
T1N=6UP


M
T1T;W`^0F5N969I='






]
T1N=6UP/C$N-3QS


T1T;W`^






]
T1N
M=6T^*#




]
T1N=6UP/C$X







]
T1N=6UP/C$R




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P





T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@8V]N






]
T1N
M=6UP/C0N


M9VX]






M;VX@8VAA;F=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C(I

M


T1T




#QS

]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#






]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N

]
T1N=6UP
M/CDY+C




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]












]








]


M=BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`S


M

M(%M




T1T




]



]


M86QI9VX]

]


]






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N
M(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]
M

]




T1T;W`^1&5F


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M.34N


68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
M
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S



M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M($)E;F5F:70@06YD(%)E=&ER96UE;G0@4&QA;G
@*$%L;&]C871I;VYS($]F


]

]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T


M

M(%M



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y
M('-E8W5R:71I97


]

]
T1P


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]

]


]

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97












]
T1N=6UP/C$R+C$P)3QS



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N
M(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97,L($%C='5A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]
T1R;SX-



]




]

]


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
L










]
M


]


]

#`E/'-P





]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E





68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U
M8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E
M7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S

M-C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





@*$9A:7(@

I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


C`Q

CY.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P




]


]


T1T





M=&]P/DQE=F5L(#

]
M

]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

C(N
M

]

@6TUE

]


]


M9VX]

M=7)E(%M





]
T1N





M='D@1G5N9'


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@












]





]
T1N=6UP/C
X



M4&QA;G
@;V8@55



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]


]


T1T;W`^




]
T1N=6UP/C0P




@;V8@55

979E;`Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T



]

]
T1T

]


]



]

]
T1F;CX\





M4&QA;G
@;V8@55




]

]



]

]


]


]


M;FET960@4W1A=&5S(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@;V8@55

979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-


]
M

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
M




]

]
M

]


]



]


]






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

@




]

]



]

]


]












]

]
T1R:#X-

M=&%T97



]

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]














]




]



M86ER(%9A;'5E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]


]


T1T;W`^1F%I



]






]

]



]

]


]










M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]


]


T1T;W`^





]

@4&5N

@6TUE;6)E



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]


]


T1T;W`^





]

@4&5N







]

]
T1F;CX\


M9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]








]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]





]
T1N
M=6UP/C$V+C



M9VX]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]



]

]
M

]


]


]
T1T

]





]
T1F

]
T1F




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]

M97


M86ER(%9A;'5E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]


]


T1T;W`^1F%I









M72!\($AE9&=E($9U;F0@3V8@1G5N9'


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D



M96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$












]



]
T1T97AT

]


]

]



]

]
M

]


]


M;F%L(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D



M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M




]



M86QI9VX]





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]


M






M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]

]
T1F


T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*








]

]

M(%9A;'5E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

]
M



M86QU92!O9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

M86QE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@









]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=

M(#

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]

]
M




M86P@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-


]

]


]



]










M(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]




]

]



]

]


]






979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]
T1R93X-

]


]



]


]










]


]

]


]



]


]





]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
M






]



]
T1T

]


]



]





]




]
M

]



]


]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]




M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S)=/]T


]



M97
@9G5N9'

N(&=O=F5R;FUE;G0@86YD(%4N





M96)T('-E8W5R:71I97





T1T;W`^6S9=/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF


M




#$R/&)R

C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


M=BX@
S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@











@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



















M



]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S
Y



]
T1R97!O


M1G5T=7)E($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='
I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R

S`L(#(P
M





]


]


]


]

]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^


]

M;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.TR
#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]


#$S





]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@




]

S(N


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.TR



]

]
M

]



#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


M
T1T;W`^






M


T1T;W`^





]

]
T1N=6UP

]





#$V




T1T;W`^
C`Q.TR,#(R/]T



]
T1T

]




#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M/3-$=&]P/C(P


T1T
M;W`^


]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.TR
#(R








]


M;'-P86X]


M

M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]




M





BXX















]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR('EE87)S/'-P86X^/]S





]










]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RXQ

]
M

]
T1P

]


]


]



]


T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@879E


]



68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U
M8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E
M7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\







M86X]

#$R

M
C`Q

]






]


]


]

C




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S
M=&5D+!3:&%R97

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D+!3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]

M

M;7`^
C

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
N
C


U+C0R/'-P86X^






]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D+!796EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E('!R:6-E(AU

BXX





]
T1R;SX-


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
N
C







M;65N='

]


]



]

M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^


M9VX]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(T
#QS

]
T1T97AT

]







]






M-BXV


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q
M8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W






]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S






]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N










]
T1N=6UP




BXR
M


]



68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
M
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]

C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]


]



]



]
T1T


M




T1T;W`^


M9VX]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D+!3:&%R97
\



]













]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E9P@5V5I






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






BXP
3QS

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S







]



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






@



]



]


]


T1T
&5R


]

]



]




]




]





T1T;W`^






]
T1R93X-

M1&YU;7`^









]


]

]
T1P



]




]












@




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G





]
T1R

@075T:&]R:7IE





]





]


]

]
M


]



M=&EO;G






N-S8M)#8T+C(U(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M4&QA;G
L($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(%M





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3






]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



]




]


M;G



]



#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
M
S



]
T1R



M;F-O;64@5&%X97

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G


MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R/CPO

]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C







]






]


]



T1T;W`^5&%X


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N


]


2XR/'-P86X^










]


]
M




]


]



]






C`@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^














]






]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`S

]


]


]


]



]



@
M97AP:7)A=&EO;B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#Y$96
@


]


M9F]R=V%R9'

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


#(R





M8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C


M(&-O;G1E;G0]



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G


M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R














3`N


]



T1T


]


]


2XS/'-P

S(\





]
T1N=6UP/C(N

]
T1P

]











]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$X/'-P


M95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C

M;G1E;G0]

^





]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S





]









]
T1N=6UP/C$U

3`U+C




]


M9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S






]

T1)1#!%4$1!


M1#
^

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#










]

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(N




N



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+C











T1T

]
T1N=6UP

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?
M-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S










M3&EA8FEL:71I97
I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S





]


]



]
T1R93X-

L($]T:&5R(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*





]
M









]
T1N=6T^*#(V+C8I/'-P86X^

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S



]



M86QI9VX]

34X



]





T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@
M=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+!T;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






M87)T7S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S
Y9@T*0V]N





]

M

I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI

T0S/C$R($UO;G1H



C`Q



]






M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C





@9F]R


]
T1N=6T^*#
N





]


M;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+C(I/'-P86X^

2XR*3QS





M



M4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C



M/3-$240P15I'04

M=71S=&%N9&EN9RD@*$1E=&%I;'




C`Q

]
T1P







]
T1N=6UP/C$S
BXY/'-P86X^



]
T1N

]


M
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A
M7SAC-CDR-6(R
S




^+RH@


M




M:&%R92`H4V-H961U;&4@3V8@06YT:61I;'5T:79E(%-E8W5R:71I97

]


M
C`Q



]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

]
M





]
M






@

@;V8@

M


M86QI9VX]

:6YE($ET96US







@

@96YT:71L




68V
M-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC
M-CDR-6(R
S




^+RH@1&\@


$5-





]

C`Q
M

M

]
M





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


2XP




]









M
2XP


2XP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E
M9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C




M:78]

]
M


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

^

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^075G+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#

C@L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P





]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/C$R
2XS/'-P

3$R






]
T1N=6UP/C4T


]
T1R;SX-


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-CDU+C





]
T1N=6UP



















3$P+C












#(N.#QS














M;6%T:6]N(%M














]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#$U+C





]


]


]


]



M9VX]










]




2PU







2PR-S
N


]



























]


]


]


]













]



]


]


]






]









]
T1N=6UP/C


2XX



]





]





]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@

N


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y



CQS


























68V-6-F9&5?968P
M-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

O4VAE970X
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@4V5G;65N='
@06YD($=E;V=R87!H:6
@07)E87


M=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]

C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`S
2P@
C`Q

C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


BXX







]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3



]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L
#0Q+C




2PR.#0N


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



M9VX]















]


]


]


]



]

\





]
T1N=6UP


]

M;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M














]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@P



M(#

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@







M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?
M.3EC85\X8S8Y,C5B,C,S.68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V.3(U8C(S

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q

M
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V
M+B`S

]
T1T:#Y!



2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
C
S.68O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

M(A3=7!P;&5M96YT86P@26YC;VUE(%-T871E;65N=P@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E

]


C`Q
CQB

#$Q

]
T1R



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]


]





T1T;W`^3W1H97(@8W5R

]
T1N=6UP/CDP




]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2XU/'-P86X^

3(X+C
\











S@N






]



]




]






]
T1N=6UP/C$S

]


2XT/'-P86X^


M86ED(&%L;&]W86YC97

]
M

]


]


]
T1N=6UP







T1T;W`^4V%L97
@86QL


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$T


M9VX]

]






]


]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+C0\



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+!T;W1A;#PO=&0^

]


]

]
T1N=6UP










T1T;W`^26YC;VUE


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X8S8Y
C5B
M
C




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


@;W1H

C`Q

]
M


]



]



]




T1T;W`^56YA;6]R=&EZ




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



]


34Y+CDI/'-P


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9C8U8V9D95]E9C`U7S0Q8S-?.3EC85\X
M8S8Y
C5B
C

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O






]


C`Q


]
M
T1T:#Y&96(N(#(Y+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`S
2P@
C`Q

C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


]



]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@









]
T1N=6UP/C0X





]
T1N=6UP/C
U
M



]



30T+C(\

M
C$N


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]
T1N=6UP/C4P.2XX/'-P





]



RXV/'-P86X^




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
BXX

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XQ















M












3(\

M(#$N

M/3-$=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
























]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$N-#4\




]



]


]


]


2XP



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#4N
















:6YE($ET96US73PO




M

]
T1N










]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#8N.38\





M7S%F-C5C9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S
Y9@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


^
3(@

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M







M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R*3QS

]

RXT


]
T1N=6UP/C




]





]



]



]

M;F0@17AP96YS97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$N


]

]






]
M


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC92!/;B!.970@1&5F


]
M






]

M96YS97

]
T1N=6UP/C4N
CQS


T1T







]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


68V-6-F9&5?968P-5\T
6
S7SDY8V%?.&
V
M.3(U8C(S
SEF#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%F-C5C
M9F1E7V5F
#5?-#%C
U\Y.6-A7SAC-CDR-6(R
S



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87
M;6EC

T0B4VAE
M970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
30N:'1M

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE

T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970W

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F



T0B4VAE970W
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_NonAmortizableIntangibleAssetsTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGrossCarryingAmountTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_TotalGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FinancingArrangementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_InvestmentsInAffiliatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LifeSettlementContractsFairValueMethodCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LifeSettlementContractsFairValueMethodCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LifeSettlementContractsFairValueMethodCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LifeSettlementContractsFairValueMethodCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAllocationAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_ScheduleOfPensionPlanAssetsMeasuredAtFairValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsChangesInPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SupplementalFinancialStatementDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_BusinessAcquisitionAcquisitionEffective'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationNetTangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_NetIncomeFromConsolidatedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_ResultsOfUnconsolidatedAffiliatesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RoyaltyRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_IncomeFromUnconsolidatedOperationsOfEquityMethodInvestmentsPercentOfIncomeFromUnconsolidatedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SharesIssuedIncludingTaxBenefitShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SharesIssuedIncludingTaxBenefitValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromBusinessCombination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SharesIssuedIncludingTaxBenefitShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SharesIssuedIncludingTaxBenefitValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SharesIssuedIncludingTaxBenefitShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SharesIssuedIncludingTaxBenefitValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SupplementalFinancialStatementDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalFinancialInformationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'

HY_#7C\DE
5\
MB1LSV?C#/IQ&%^=O9:L*S95/N#

M]%_W=RVG1_OD9/H+-#!'1S^9%WQ6X:5'VCD*7_BY)VGGR[&VX







;MHV
M

L?HEJ



M-]8L3#U^


M=VTQ_9DM7_?LU9M0UQT`I15*EA/T-7;:


I]_$=


H/4UFB'PA`[`67
M4
/3BZ7&I_9B#ZYV,`H%:.&1Y1J
M=L)-20L(?17\1?B,=QNBWQ<\O$M'K]=Z`MI&\<+[$XM+SUD
8M]D
P'2C

M9BK23':7A.S50&6V


=
T0Z6D;IN\7BA%JT9=#I,`OUKM6\VZ
M8Z&,/?*:L'9R5C^I?]R17.$F<HWY$F/#A5BN&

M[%KNTQ#-(S_LZ#1$;4((=H$%VV9:(-C@)\[/N96_2&_3_NSH3W9'3RSX#3

MML:^4/R\M[*Q_Y3;A#N


M'T\II3VQI
-@H0&!TQH8



M/KD2YI



94%Z`







M






MAOBV0W9LHFBR;94&VUS2+K2S-%WQ.T




M'*1+*K'0MBV`4`9A@B+D!L$LG:'N@_ZF45L2KH@3KJ2Y'
U?B4G&7T)J0S2'








BW5D2DZ2K];/ZV?7K@
EPN8?=-*46?YPF)&OY`=9V



UN6_4?[


M8U&6C8NRB@I
^:0+BH%%4O8LDBHJ%ECLM/?%3OM'`3.UUL_4%AX:S+C:
..Z
M%XQJ9]8%(FMG.[7&FGC4`Y4=(?N&D.@T












MU-IJ]Y@$]]FXSVY'0%\$Z/^@4B16U@WK@/G



M]M&V^V/A4K


D%]&0X




M[$'JT;Q/HWY)4=P

MG&(CI\C2))IU\%\%_SL@GN')7;ZO;$QG:A#

MS59ZR7C7;H\ZY(!FP^]


@?GTCKV88VST;^FR9X^&NUV5-B#Y

7XDMIM9&


M[23



M!PEY@LL


)U?O<C-;+A)-QXDF43PW.`\`


M!QQ@]H*#G;J9Y54#RFP:/86CR.

`FLS+[T8V'F'&
G7O/_E1()D
2K
M-3;4^^B)RS'P*`HO8-`/*J;9NM:4TRL&B+/$Q%D^#`!EUAH5VM+0B[E@T^%C


M``#_
M*


1*!*7V
!0



=ZNALA%


M+P/H_P\SFFJL`1D!YO?&_'YJ!

MUR&`_5)@C[O5)%5(WA['#.-'&ALF_N[.Q]QFZ5F45_Z8V8!&#-P@TPT*TRXX


M`F[)2)3Y14P4'@(#5)P!4JP)!%!:`MC25F\F_AM7]5HHQ
^4+::'1%S\*W:?
ML=C&Z6XD_KM;



A(\H
:!1@'&.?$
8X!)-
M

+
M%!SGT


.]=8DH!KRZM5X-3'.44^W2)



M3P9XX@/@RP'X=4L`X-

M#%_1M.H^D:VM%9!VU54HK-



ML0Z-OU/JOA+/DQ`8FZ(#+!:P6.7PD8LGB'V7C3566?E-!=07(K?4?^;=Z
3&
M3^'C;+I9!V_1R00ST0??(_ZJ:H


=UM^@)R0

M=S?:N*K:

O6U\`
MP.

^(=$Z*`
M^#@(AHD(R=2!0R
_9+/?OPTK:^P\^:Y^F0MX\VTHJXE%!V'Q$6XTJ?I4P#NF

WXTWT)$'7FRPR)?L3H%'\AKNOA
ADZK/E.X'C+WU
M(#M@ZD==P!@'`8#SN7@(HY['27VQ8%4*+.2)+CLL'G(Q':&?<1\KIRZ#)3S


MVEM+4



M*.(?O6]U^[;6T8Q.1YF;F_M9J[.C#;VMG%L;6=.6MS38/JTH&2PL.K'-LX/C




)278K*^A+GU47Z;=6BWN7:II

32



'L@L]-7EH\_=

&1V60D='

!IA
LS[J#9TUMFK]FW
MFX9AFJJE]?N++$N?_[`CW#Q=49ALKDN$@9&W=B[#B+))





M!.'

MVKK=XSQX/>;`'8

M[?N(

M&&

M

5'VV)OX






M^?[


M^M.?E';SIU

FCJOXK2
MS+ODE*.A(Q418ZZX3J[3_=0\N3:*L7D!A


#9AFHG[_KJ[F_5<2OMDP%A

MT_OC)2YQ;2S6JZ)X3P[(FAZKS6[S?-DN&?HD.9.FBM+\U(+1$9`\)$UK.;*J

&80$D3?=/FB8;OORM
15;OL0%

M43B4A4-9.)2%%^&:M\(7Q;]D




M

[U8+M6E!I





9


.B0UE_WUIYJB9%F4=;$E^:;
0VR9


M/L@#MTMK]I@
]S.;[BG==_;B/^[G
+^%/X_RLJCO=/STK:7#E_EP.
H.NZ%U





U'G^&:+$JOKD:`

MB


MRWN[Y:4[G%)WM+S/SO)^N\

=TMOKIYZ
P`?CV:XMM5

?[-
RVZKUF^+WS6[&-!^.$'8][GW<
^


MG5+D&S7#81&VW8%=!.OZ6S;_E`^S8CAI0(JN(%VM+\(\C
^AA*E'\58/Z)Q#

M
8#[OBW.0G-$^-3F]6!4UN

M[PW'''NM8V.M\YAXQ2?X.^5C:Q;QQS%^B?C?BE^BO!=(6&&5\LXGL=:HPT\X

:J\)PPF
J&$;2





!H/LZ&ORLO@*L9-=S.75@78B1I\1.M
X%'C!?789'&L-)Q!:F85



M_#R!WJZ[;F66%,/V/?NBC7P*L1\0L#?



M4F@+3;I+7F)5+(10%`)ZB1


66QE9XUWL)JO#RQ.1Q0/NXY9AZAQEG
M88]/*6:

M\M.$T+]69;W=-I8&







M.#9&0Z)#C2-&
Q1[.=

MPP)NRPM.YKFTC'L%'$XU@0G
7@3`5&5#$G$K7@/*?/`B%9R^IJ
G?.9K_$



M0*'C@4)/D]#C@4+W&/HP/5#H=9B6#$GE7!O^







B1

M

MB(FV1EDM#&-&QDI0/$4
T%LRL^;N2M[C[!%`MLEIHK&$)`$3198XHEX-?A

UB):3[
36(RW[5;V
M3XN-?1N
_'<MIVQ=*Z87B<($\3





MX*03&NRS



M5JX@G@IM0N6X@CN%*9WG7T/[2EX

M3N^F#D/:VT
=RI6

M`Q!?N

M`D

MZ9)D7[+!^
BL#`=?!.!72CBL
%Y97AM6M<#F=.\5J
PP6AHW[1;SV(=96[=%;3L0#S
MGGM6/#7]X



`]Y_P=B
C[

E\L?X4OZ*N
+KH_(V)KXXJ0[LA*7A_4IJV*


MX?%1UNT]@FJ]*[+1MPSBC+NL?PLDE:A@11J-GGSH]3!Y:0.^/K_IUB\^AV29




F&.$<-.B/
M8+]

Q
RZX+A+H]JC^?
-




AN`*3?EAJ

*X-I
MR8

MTUG4+K0;J27B&&%J2

MC2;@02N







*

ZZ_(:L]:)


MX86.'`G%?


M

HL:!TX1=

7(@HG7D82@@):58HN`8
=-K6X1_!K?FJ



%
BN0(\ONJ(-W/Q_G7;H5F]FM6@LD5

XX&R6
LG3YNM-/E:Z\1*[]4MZC
M;9!




M43CI@BWY2/U*UHJSXH-LX$/X%/-;+*DF2#+'Z_4@@4K*V7H^*'Z!]2#K^&`!


`TI/VAM@]8#KMV
SP@'Q^[HP^C3RELZI5'PLT'



VK!5*U3

M=Y)H[+%9OBJ*R4NH.00[42+*%)&8:TQ%/GY6F
*_C&*]K05[-SIZ?SFH@
M!#(&*;A4L+M2X)SAE6F+5W)ZJJJR
$X/98R*R(UY0CB(BTI991K%AM.G7#H




M5T*ZVZ9U'37/)WM+(Z#F%A


MS?`:+9DJ_?ON_PU';E*
X=M'16D/][_=_._'[*'(;X;IK:.'U#N0]9:Z=J?V






?UU+\?)XX]G'
M=V_Z6V^*;:

(1#4&:QP#36D3%RN`Z?4OP5EM0/)J=
3
M'FLRW[('MCK071?





;:!*K*D*O+@&G9
(G7



M?3B`H;9OBLKVI?A]Z-L2J\@HG






MWP^X_R`$%V`7F/'RG51V-P!)B;NS-TDG




M^3.;)@9_JJYT6?C^.S]W=N]+L$R=10E*?2L
09M8V_U1/M0](^`/V]C`BO9
M;\+W:.@MN_RZAR?

FUZM+(\(`BI-T%Z=I8.I]F7='P=G&5?X;/5Q^Z?



&GVS;A4


-@TN0+;SX/T[

MST+1&P\6J:Y#/)+BM(L0]

M`HQN5UMIYRNMAQSY)[7
^NI.D%]XC.5KZST'$+KK^NF]XD5XQ3;;NE^F5Z#N




'GQ*\M_]RDU1=<)-9F1

M=Q3=NF.1?IF
OWA_N6]


*$,_@!)
MW`74$9A?9IE8R]





^#I+AU]G
M)K?LX=_6K(OZUKXAA
@D_V=SEN\'OV4$C,9K^R$]^^LW[[Q/[/?FF?\=O\9^FM6_G;Q

_XC3Z\NT^O#-+R';.#FK/U]_[IL`
MT




`NCVB@-518M

M#_:-]W]
OZ2Y_]ML*O?'HT!(J'5`
+Q!Q'S#&N%9^#;;18Q@#+0_F30QN@


M4X!P?8A;001



M@NXW1C6VJ\;HESRY\!

M&0L9&-.8/*RY
*
K2ZX%\NPK/EDA/M:88TJ!S8PA6FL!M-^(;R`/YRWQ2=BM
M^'[JR4R*8G*5Y9]MLX]T205]-\+N

8B


MGY3E25ZEN_DTRV?56N#)V5T*=$E6_#

4NM5914A1@G&)+%<




MGR6?FB.__%W=V\!L-$)04P+
V$20/2NM6`.S/9DOHM6Y;_+Y%F/]%7`2Z@
M():&
J
5CR23ENP`9QI*EJ5Y;=BKXMU!;\#OZUD$$0&FN'A&CDA6@=\[:\

%U.76815R!'4X

MEJHW$11^J*?
=X^1C/EI#QXSJB.&E-(FLF`H(HH

MJ)00IY?\@&CT4Y31$DK:5O+`[L
W^M2;OMY

ML_+MN$.&QFKC*R'G*+-1S*EMZ-DJK=OA7'R@;J[27XT1%;%`4CD-41.`$U


MJ'

M&I([WD[YQ`X.U`48?B:V-C-_GF.UFVFKR6


MXAKRB06]:'R%@^\F\*'U7S6HB(*?AT[12'*HNXS`8CY'1I15[9R)J\W
KV/]
M?YSDPWIOW%;#2QF+J;0%K(XM)$V6GE:XR$434JV9Z0D7L$)\794_B5C8:Q

K@M\N$O^2C[)R
M6F2?9M.;-?4X*?+J'/FM3`9CR8V1`#ND\@;X&OX3C'

1?40)M
M*&%+PRQ/YZGN3Y#?0/S\:9SD^WNS=J9UL()`_$'*\-C43M$+
L6^4
Y&@+
M/&(+Z3K5;&4Q0D)$9$PC`\0+*6=DC;K1#+EV;!5TP11&5YK!AR#_G%W
QKY)
MO'GUY-


6TX%:Z5O?.%4^=;0-

M$JQ44VH


MD+/68



%/!6+_YO3Y


2M2$DS5F\EJ9X-N]^Y5D*.F^

MU87$N.DF&U5HP!Q&0(^K/0R8$XO6!0%26%SGB1#6/QWI0TR$0%A9U





M2%AW`?`5;!E

$JL0)IHHLF1@#+.BB3L







M!B


^Y1B&)$#?2#4)@
M\`'I3MDOCUJZ3PBSZFYA$6Q5V3H;L2JG2RFU@`T0P3%INW4/XX1%.6*^=%PS
MY:JJ`8L
%;PD%4%'.]`GM+G``P$6)RS;$0?8`[EP+MA6MTEVCD*85&[#8P=A
MZD*0'_Y,&%ACIH+'^ASS@%+E

MJSUB;K/-
IO@4I`1]61+R&PWFY2&8LA^

KE:'*HGWC-I1V_0ZR$]
\:&#
MA%';WR^SZ_6





MVKE^+4P(NQN7G@%`-1Z5\T)


T-


D'$@;!DKA

M?=ZT1D[*6B-S


M(:$E1*C]


MHM?:]

#
[^-
MW-V/?AA.X[FA@REDSS$'3V*O15(-\@-.1-9U(P.G@]#!!X@FM
DIK9*B



MC[-?WVU]U5VA??6![KWLI]G9Q?6'?/EIMCQ[/SOJI(&C)O@(&6!JEB*VVI


M-W_/+C[-_B50?WC.1./8IT
Z.!U1QZ0-(:E(#`.S2:;TS$9RWL
$\#54)\5]

!'-QA+ER%=?'!K@=.:0-



M

Z'#
MF
218UNRKEWU1ID2UC



M-61CMS7UC26:O?FPG$VIV*!\8083&#%54$GK--`&%^0+'6UP1Z!G*XQ&C_11

11^;(A3:5$&7+-05L*(04&/S@R;&NENTL1NQM!?JC!
MY
)9$FDK5@9


4\O48Z5-KY:
MLE'9`HEUWH#J$H?^%O_^59MG!56-&-00%&-*I:WRR5A)6







'T+8(81Z=2TXMSV0MT_?_N'+;[F+
M]6=+CJ)7I232)3'#^GJA!+\
6[8#O3#C^K9TUN.;5M^:!9GWE\OY[
MHE]?R


EO:E*O<N.ALY5:N^9)N%%3$W,4_*S364(56U-.EVO?X\''NS_EOO
M;GJ]<0W:_VX_NGCNOUY^GAUL2A9'T3%A2`GAD::.7O
-:7D)N&WJ&9L]F)9
M
=S/-&-)O#*D

I+9


Z6?(=PP1'[=
89[W/;)-

XR+['UKRC];O

MER*A7^1J7\Y@&'=['/'5W)^6K!;85Q6A9D@TJ`%HWT&U5-(RKLTX8C?8_9
Y

MFSP-2'L.*.-UI-V+S&?X!O9PETN2_(/2K%18FL


-B7#WI1)T)E*

DU^[I_)G*^?FZ0HXO]ET466LTP3ML88L4$QM=CCJ)O0;!0;]]6&QU\XF[






M

3Y_.5S8LTO@?QP553$K19

`R573)-JM9.8K==FB!FK78

J9:+X`V^-S(
+)5X1<G^4:_
MF0!R+&(%FQUP



?M7;
FX'/)
MC

M+%FW4J[5J!F:&L)L)H`68




_/K]ZGS5_O!Z\_GSZN)I'<N;3^]7Z^\^7G]:KSY=KE<]H_[_]/7H-N(


$AN$QH


:'(+0GLL7W
*03=Y/#:!HJ3QH/CNUH9Y@O980V:E$79+QMO`



CD/F8X]6S[LA

9GN-M8_

H3N[.W?P0#`W



FA

E]/#^_

L:]5'C!QR

MQFSSP;.79O_)'U=7%[WL





M!H

28FFJ$5IP34M1:ON'=]?6.BB
M-C6]KJ4CU=*IDN^8HZY#2+&$Z;J*1JHI_`&-U;K(MB;/QU@*(D@C%``BD8G.


MJZ-E6TQC+C:PG;\$N*%!O^KH)+=S-S*D`99V5FTXD!VK^HF4ES%8IC:F#U
M!2LA.:T)(ON5LPU^=A8P.R;DK(Y*+!EA1X:



TP]#JTA0:$

MI'5+0?INJ$9N1.NB/;V`6=M'5&5=FM#Y1[YK:'PJ8GN+M1N.
P9&BJJBE@

.`M4DQ&(80X:@






MIF7+AK'8K*`BBNI?XZNJYRQ_\3?;/HV]C*_D??&]X=A/%^M]]6N0A:
I+YTQ

MB168I1+5H#K35)NHR
(N$F?[D


M\?.^



[(:U


M[GY^S3YL#`\AHCV
1?7F$1/TT]8Q_/NZ9[($U'=SU#`.X^3Q;PA1V7C.?YSG

MW'_(XBE\
HWY#9\+@+%4S_)*V\#<@?Q5(49T`=
MW)H_(!9ZF(^I9P(3X*@J8S@'$I?U@$WWJ)+\U]R1./$O/PHC<I]/,2WZC,
MD!4;Q!R\,S]FHH[C?P4YLK[/7/JQ[S?(A#W-

P



@JM.CD*31J

)L5
WW*`XJ<*F*I?[WX?@
M#E[]DK4)Q1P#S\.WAT20NZ[K03;+S;9CBBA&6:MI%^TS:PY!SU@Z38BA^F
MBS:8FW+RJCS[Y=6/P+]PE5D-@_LEWESB!6Q.7,K'_C'X.@#'%H+QUD4+@^$
MP4

MYO-^\9
DGT;



(/

RZ)9BI7^&^`+ZN[I)


MD6TZCI/L`91Q4@(Z+[.(1\


FU?N`6DN\OEE^IXG#

MGT
_+Q&

MR#MH'C_I#.O:GDO2:^OZQQ@'\







M
-5&S!HY06T59%[M4Z6UI=:+M..RQF





V?*3[\?E<?G0
M&-`&08O@O<)BRB^.U2MZ\NUB)@7\OF2UN

MY;ON
+%GW`TSKC/
ZDWU!]&XGG&G

ME-
4_59XO



M
_!
&-R9F(81&E3/X33-N!8TJ8'B=?B^_7NMVF9O?K7\ZJ*%J0/M[*SY46RH










633/XO[Q.._*'<2*VC3]RX:TW'Y*

9T`


-G/


MZ!4\R/'GZ'^





@KKY;AQ[<X_-MK_.HWY_899Q'(D@L!7*I.G<


M/(S6BQ$UF:HQ6E-+7M



M




MN.L1CNA#])%L[/5:6_L=)
98N7'CF7G93ZU)%3JJCV*DT@\2#PHK'I:FQY


;\QB=P9C#B=

]V8_%;
'


*!(3%=.$&`?/Y'?X:A1*V.5@6C(%_FL&&
M%($#


M!^/[(`R1X8#LBNRW$KMA^^:!8-`S4[NMR\AL+H@-/UE


#QQ4@


1.^[?U/Y]&?Z;C_OGL

]#UF6';K

A?*&\W?Q6+_(C1'S[WIW#*





W&@PUS3:=?M_0
MC9YAZX/-[C[IZC9)1QMW%

96MIP8AN]KC$RAZ/)8#S)I
*&

MV4\:*Q

#-







7^47\MU*E9N
M/GS\+?[N-OTM7(D45)&FMURYP6/Z%_X8+`[`NHXHR3+[EMXLJV#`S$;
(EU%
MX7WD+I6;GS^]^_4[5?D4)J[_]/R8B(1XOEUI^=\R


?TZQUROK
7KJJ4\
M

GAKD@M:F[](*75C7Z'';KT6.L0'483H.+(J_KX&6KG#^\#`:\
M4&^:54?#+C##8A&LZ4G]7&R
ZS+A6O`7PT25?FXOHL3-RLU0Q5([^=#87FK
M
$1N65'0RC!QKQ!8\6%6`%I7*]@[1%+O(@??6#QV8&-T./53'W^%/U3NN/

=




O`O#N6:DJSIVV0
MCZJX$9*-A+RCP@;QNIEPWE:/7*@6:7:/P-O;HMFFK9I=XC8%1]E-O_/:
XJ-




M`SS;0^KA&%-([92Z'(ZEU'5*`77


S`!?4+[OD5
MJS./2Z@ZP1AH^)44H-L&1R.BJ/,PF_`6W?VOVN.$(4(2@(8G]AMNC__G

V0XH





W,P0)S6#JE_4S_#1%SXW7T





0S[SL[LY/HTDJZE#//-J2[%A7HWZ3;

_*@KV4MLTBX5EIL43$O)D2[6LIQA/J;'E
MT[4!QS_./N)I5:@TD,BB4F7\(]_4SB&I223=(^G^0_EC_LA*D'-_/RG(X/6
M
P?LW@L?/DG&U^C@5E%\D#:VIXO=-;)7COP
M+^J.;V%:JB
/$9

MU
1L



M8JUVBV2EI99%9NUS6Z2%0

MTO'H4KVLNAJB


9[X[

MX#
V#2
7D5_?XOK%6!G



OA5_.8Q'7617*F?M!8

M;8D:4I9LO(:8SY)ML



M3Y?BSS;1()'V2)U:8X!I:2
O8B





M!T4=D]X=/D


V'CKOYN!'DOB_OU\Z2UIW3IU2C&KQX??R
M1[\,^[WR2]]^?O.A86(7=[T91!(7_)?.]RR2T4Q&T^YD.LIZ!?U,%+HS&79Z
M63\'Q^BDW]-1K^C3GX*Y7G_)!P4[3&2KZ:;CJX*4!MX'*[[M%-0U%YT/HSSR
MI`UGOQ*IM(IOC3Q):;
?O=[]DH


=B+(OBMS)
MX0T(`FG\_MD'-]GH
_-9%9KFYK!!,LE'_%L9])MBP)*?KI9/BFJ^C
M=#YZ2+ZF8_XNNLDX]A,+LQ]O0B3B7_'6@3,8+;KS,PDU$:??6V,XPC&Z^H
MF.=^3K!/Z@`YVD_57S/(KYSR&Y&0T#ENO

[P&TX*NZ9C?BT/\FO

MS[[E

M=^)

M?2?=]T:^MZSXZ+*V\.Q@C3ODZ]7


M`*AU)T83_*CM8'VW&XI=L/9XYW
Z2B/

7GF;^





BYVK=EX

:
M(FV1`:2=Q0J<5AL\LVJE=7!N_]&?8_(A&\V#3M[=(IB01=M$(M'&8@_#;AT5
MG@HIP#A8\)8[@A]*-_^E5Z_)A2+W`BZ59!]AJU@NHN\1P81R21BRB6<L`!6
MRP71VG&M^&IAI3Z`L%4?6Q16:L5P@BSEE(/3RR(FB&+A?9NE;#T`LF#(M7

M*R7U.N'*K)%4'013LA+3D!B&(!;!589RSKR6
TG!@!.Q6E*!#R(I724I#@$F
M*&FT



$HI&6)!&4^Q#E9X-O
HL`465DNJGX:IR_O3V')D


MI

MQJA-/


QW?-\/KIOWNM']W

)LIVWHLR0T7]AX7J6!M^R3.[[P;K9/-
MI3W1U)K!^9SZ..O1KHU*XUQ&^R7/I/[R


MX*(^[M&V*FB-H!WKQH]U;8U-SF6LS_[4_[
NS


(O
MW)9?D@XF^7S5=G]*TGL


M%^EJU&M#ERSE?7!!

O38T6B-*6Z9DD`AI



!
M88





M)SK1)&ACK138

R'((VL\%YC[

K;AO&TVG+M2%<R@1A+QVB
M7I:/T&$2H2RIZ%;N#&B&;AMBF'(6
6ZD2[3`Q#
)-CI_C!X;?5=YO2IY6.VZ




ME9
(




ZPAA`NR,RV
MO?`85]!&M62`M:/]+IN4#UX:C+6F(J$24CY.N<(:8^[,'&N=Z,H*
?;5=([

6*TYE^PN8$M6!5K68=-'!;H9


M4DRIM@A[-H)+1@YZR%4U97L

4KCQK/+`C]0<4IX!]08$<HI]
M/#\!!:*RRK`$(3




3N_UQ




N$FAXC^.S10?VES;WE^N@9UC*0
0UF`5BB]076[/C[`W-N;`!M#[4^E#K


!

6J?D6FQ]J1)8^.I-F_?DGY4B+'

3=SA%A:P)H'9![?9


3

M*NX9.?SE_09(;X

WRXJ?G
M5%T/JKQ+L.8
LM$5W&.CH1C
VRM)^VXGTST5BT5#7+==[88PT+X
E'3RPL.V

M]UZ8T_7ME'IIGM!YN8/5KWG*1K^^'?

1+_
ECJ9Q#:0KQ



-R


Y
M#BX/T#SRW9_&JKB,$P%V6`QV:'(RF!I#?KQ\F@.\@W^#]#\Z)RA.SY]:SXU
M:!]J^Q:-6DP&VE#9Y+XCV%D]Y!.!U?*75(:K-&RJW;L)92(!:$$H3P2+46Y

MEP/@`_A`+I`N\;ED==W0`6I?-MW[N68YET

V.;<.5T#:Z$QU@


3%.:
MJRO1

M9\AMD_MUI\M#_@J)^%H&;P@XY$4.P8H&'-(*AYP9(R!1AL*5%T1O+K7M`;



M454'::ICZ(08IJK


M'!OO;H0_C?=_.
('Q_C\QXWSP?EX^WDK!W0_D_E0UVF$?2\2[J@P721M%O*4


F3!YZ43@0:$_%%F!

MK@7#]WF*(3[Q-&.O\I)1*N096]?\CXVXG'1Y$M#$2_S)(WN55\PP9AJ!/98N
M)LD%AX]H$X`

@8K]GDX12X8Y-;B2$])Z&Z;7`
T'/
POSX04I
M&\]=$MQ,**IGP2SXAULBMDD3NFBAWG;)A(1Z_7TXKK9?J&WC24B%EZ2D4UK
M^7F:8H+V65P_-5EMY6EEHGZ(0=N50?J)T_!:FOUSI(U;G,,1Y1`7Z.6-DR:G
M6D\9SF_YPV^C`W
IL<XKG,%EW(-5]J3N3[:
M_P#1!-'LG6B2UD1S[OH*,;/F;?QT3.1+


@3@:H3L36U,D?45RQ]85<)70<,AW`AWROA2+D564



#U

?X%JF7ZG*`#@`[G3`=?I=

@?/Q4I8O_HMSQ@ZPDH@[8W?E#L:3
NJGZ-6H=F*+'H($
@
M0R!#D#SB&&9I(6?/)?#




M@

MXB?(F`7`G05PD&H
4HWU



M1*/Y?;G3*$ZFC&O*?([Y

M#\)-//4JL7$/P2B;L$LVIP47


[+':Q^
MS5



21T
0<!BT4@6
MF_MF:BB'-,#<P-Q#9NY6W8)31&U=98]()KW1:$!S;N/-+@X]_9=E.:)%_F4
MO3_*$L]OIUSU6:E'66_NPZ6AR
A@B0UZ\1QL(3CWH-`&R]R@T

M@@\$-#\K'ZB]S:X.

']`9I?MOO34!6'82K(

MSNHAGPBLAE?LDM)@C99=M6

&`_.BM

M\!(JW'DI'0GY+(Z$C+7*(\8BX2
;5ZDM_T-*_3PICI195\+#)/`G_/?'HI-Y


RIX166+:V'#S'C35-B1B:@T5S;3^B.KCH`/


?[ME0FZ&#(5?_OTO
M0?AYU32(@HR^9_
8O8LRADG`9*RH._)'2L=Y^#X8SUF


1[5
670UT7)$Q$B%-63/AZE8LF[P86*YI7&FAN_GTSQDXCPRIC&S


L$^NZ


KBP3`)MG6V
M6$4B^T=DR=3UE?-JVNKA1-B*8[\HT6\E)3.KH1J.*SN2XD@.6UAHZM*!0I)J


DT#
LE(I$-XF##

2]CI
P5@O


UA9D%2%HI'=Q4=5Y85NS;_7@2G2T@Y


MR;G@:KNR(1K

M%9NB*KF.QKPI3961R=9^3*TA^_D47C\_]]XZFF

M


?15C17=VT-+2:D8F)77'`L215E=3WM#@?R3(
1W=$0R*&JDH*5A0\
MGX_&-]1-LSG2/K@%MF-^4&NJ=J62)A;Q*37):JVH(ZN$U*U([*,GKORK4[G
M4/+P;RY4MO36F7(R#22;CB@N)F2(DEK53I(H=\ENAY'',F19-RQ)EY$9
E2





M6)#R1(=H+(&''1EB!^8HYEA7^NXG1=@OX++.N2:

MMU4


M[N+:@+&V*QFY]+A/Q;9I^:ICN+8J.RQ3M&NJ]7(3:S5M\:'W+CYNRS_2C#



M)E\+ZY`4^5IB0'O;UQ;/++@

X+*AH9@%4

M)K5=/)/S.(IF]''I#\XTN:K!;1^RI\49DJ4_16+K(#L[6?:BND[/TY-P*R

?E/#%.7@

`]

GO$;66C&JL9O'T
$9A&81Q:8L:[S

9HS6





M5#`/X

!A,O(+04<K:#_8U^MK=-&L031K
M.&K?J*%F#4V80'=5.(1F#EW8\WU;OX:#%:UMVOO%BA'772Q/T&`S6AO*3G/



T
















M

M_U-.


F!\!4$S?






M

M

M\(UF+OR0Y7%X:LBP$-9E%YLNY`2(J+Y'3`MFA.C$]0W#K5F3HFFOD?L&:9L;

^D%!A6W4U'\(^6)UE
M(YNY\VK8-O&M6MJK*

M6Y)]\_4J[WQA&QOT`82[.F3

M^YZ-?*=FOEC=KX\&1W+`$6DNK(Y

M(SE@^ZI-=$^S%**!I2O$]!S+6L^)Z=;S28PN-I*S=U8/;KZIDD(\G75Q#?


/[E4.V
M@%W31_`/EAV&J7BJ:UMK('B^7
^P]J^IN^0-CM:!;*DFL;$
GD!3-.3+KOED


:UVBSFO?FH_/I9T^ZM?[7^]RQ

%=T5A:;%5$LYRU?7Q1;9N@BA;
P
LHC6S(VT9I;?VIK9



M#Z'4(Y5Z-/G'F

8X^%4CF

MZCUUX3W'

15G1Z[I_U9SUW!==!Z-LF^5RQVN[57OEV7'O


4.94\WK10L2B!&









\N6R8[P5T):4TC!9A/$L+G;L
M6`UT?D^E?TT^3Z1IR7L+3PSR59ZDCU(:Y%1ZB//[XB(ZG=(PC[\61=#EW\HZ



X4G\.

M-0W?)6@%)$HU7(5LDBUK9A7R+6O\[;O\[9!AP.P$[?!B,.0P[]\'B\VD



=TTQYZ`WL5
MBPXU(HZ^+NJ1@C!
5S0Z




+VN/\F#Q)6:'A\\_G#0.#XI40[P

M[/:I'$L_Q5[?2/?Z=




MKES\*]E4(QHF:?%&^P

;'

ZOORJ^R)(I6Y9-R[)
8)&U



BGU;%




AMC!&
R/%]WK

MMRD9Q1?I/

M]^^ZJ'X]E\9JIK

UQ6F##V29:





M-$L!19R\!

2_:8#U*T4??.L2^H$T_S!;P-`H-R7*FE/QL]

MW:6O7$RG8&?_!*N'G



@=:@J]FLD6)[ND=%[%7`\V

MT5=RN^[8^X=@G9QG!^M8=-W0/V1/`!WZJNKU3NL63(;%

M9VBQ`V^=[J^X\H;*(+O3^[8JS+8?DK&]C.JY`%_9W8/$@J]-J6#L(Y-7192Q
M


]!%D#\+6E+
M=5?UAK%6



B
MS1=EY84GU5^63=56GRWK#B7@+\X:NULNSOZHZF/GM3^Z&&.=Z*]U3X=Q`@\B

R
8KW9OZ\:?RV]=]SP[3S(




*W-I%2A05G
M29;UPQ@+?BLRPMS_'9WRMP#8F:RUL,.ZH[X=69B#.L-`ZS)'SCX_7^W0_
M&O/KK

ME?YI#E/8=/II:*KQJN:P`?;6H6H_MHZ9LZ:?3RT6;Q'&#)5!%16?Q[//R.`D

R





M
;HC=54'.)O4_W\Z
Z



M
M$FV8[T4!KG7C*V

QW6$D.[?-Q_7=^?C]
9[F/D5:RZHSQ%


%*M?@R[\4/GV)N54;I?^'2C_

MY?.D[=AN8+TWGL;@.

LVR-

M@?8E
\0'_S$V^]%X%ZBC(?5FK'WP5MTXW)=F.V9ZCHOJ`*01]%QI.P3#



M#VGY94W%M&-^B.=)`.

M[0M1G!;_C+-%TCQX8_0ZHX1%2*IT^4_YJ!IF(Y$-XUN4(36$ZPA]:QX2UP-Y


^^(
YH_@[L\C;;_A)A?S8M3\%'4=*EFBO!!0
_

F?=?W

MEJGO-*R


;Z/0!Z+W4]K
#2H5B1A'&I0SP&7DV$+
MJ

]5E
ZJ2QJX;5;NM!O)(\_G/)(P_2((`E@]-*S2;3)D




MR^GLUR(?)65I9N

ECY5-&3M9HQ';`?JS1!O0.R0T'VV



MAO1

MD8RT/N+DXG7EI=/W_PP_?OHY?/_IHW/ZWC%1=/K3J?D4?CS$:F$?%]-I7-2%
ZE.`SRX'G=6&%)



M:\1X/(T6\?!5&6=;CB




X4V[*2\B*0;]?@)'[('S[A0CFH]O!RQIR?WWI5_





MVY&4[

OVX.:YWVFIQUY

MY7


NSV%Y^X5

VY&7K;)L[G+:D9?/
_)R_WDP2T:__%R-1M5@

MI_%#9?_J#I_^=W+KZ9W?U]
6?[BXJ:Z[]YV[X?_\\$;

M/$[@TK!YI%^?O3DH6`&*&:88C4SQE`CQ2:AD&E#$*\

M^DHHDRC8:(FE3CE'O&_@*^(A%/)5OI0\*=+;=L`9AZ$-EX[1,&BU9+J*6J





`






M(V85S[?!N3.U[WH[D1J$DS&A#23+F?$$DQK6D`J.EIL&6&@4G5:[@-R7SORJ

M3(J@0T
;O..!^*88-



SS@*K


U-V?!

A)C8[O&6GJFVG=&`3F?


]R[[
MOF-8K^9
1N2#)[:H(!S.MV:MI2YLC@^&[\7JNL%;N_J6(QS03`=E=?H`4P@
MW2@4]


X)J'*M'TU\+W7?Z(5#6^[#Q^JP37RN?-[Y<8?.LMV?9[TRCT.T?Z&


M


M(VJ-J!@0+*2PY@P8F'00*I+0$)4


M'G&R*

M'D

AMJ8UV

-LV(J36UQSP0#+;$D@
M8@;A20

0DSP87!DT'!+E.
'-E'
M2Y?7
:K[Q(KE&;.I2S
L

2R(-:Z2(N8HMJB[%








8QM]`RI9:=VB

M)Z-G:V$189CTDCI
V*S0@G



O!N%KM`K/1[NFWX@'[N^BZQ#=O!X3[2
MY





L#06Y8P:
M!=AIA5O\A.F8.


MI:7_A%SWC^]'!C?&$%

MP9/
D0R

M&@#

2E
V-#`2
)V27KGX


V'BD3)6S@S5K+`.D,.*[LHYN#ZBV#8Z)L2#C9/'&I
F






7`[L#7[F+L@B4B#56AI)_)

.DRZQ!I*(-@:PAOG8PE.@6PF

M3_1#%PR[@'G38HOHZX:0RQBV`.V5YX$V8$KPA1+[G2=]3C8%
]:G5
4WT!+U
M@5$T]5UQ&LO033&&#[

CD38YP;EJR@1]($JEK5UX&HBX0W3N


@`F-8W24A2;
M2FCCD$Q;(3X;AMNIOO#VL(7(,YIRCC#'N#N8S56W5=L\\%3^RZYZ.1=ZJ7
MOOV
(R

M)MA



MI'73+[N#W$^#[&L
8!F






MJ1O5BX3UT-10[AS%



\&LXJ
W%
ME@^





PE2H)WUC'JO%VN&1AM*TM)DFZ1=W


MYOYQ6+


$


M#`/3..`4;'1`R+JTLQD3UWW5=1#=$OYU*F;1%X198PQ&-`:C6&N\YU8F)T.'


M3EOU!&RO^EA

+9!V.`;



R^UI^+ZIQ9





P;\.2W'C#HN)QE


;


M+Y!E+U8LP]EP


M/AZ\;
S4`A7T%!]\_0XJ)IT!B@-0^ZD3%1]9^






3:7N72S3`ZWDW5_Y\Y&H3[8\^B$XVW]OF@=-_[$+



MWJ-+/TT4ET
?6N'2Y
\JCA=@L73\/+F-U1)LJ6;`F%:'V1+3A:O(['(8?@/H
M`#`%.K*(*\-K)`YBO;35Z$M(=(5[Q$7'


%U\.&/*F+EL





M79'GIAPE8P`4L2KI(P06;*:IDDHIK`(E75(DE
=JN*)4HY_BQT^'D8\)FY





D!;1X_T+



MZZC!3%)EO-GBQ)O/6TI1+U:BN495YL+-HK4[X*)48IU@WL4P;24E9KI#7J




QB_
6*((]B!XIYZ`28




Z+WBU_5#

MU`O39\J




M9H






(%R[K`8'11!8V&Q:31@4^;[(H/.
M\N9,<U?:18YEV)C2M/;$LL&84H+:DH[K=HU![.5
*75
P:Z(;$2';:@H+9`
MDP@#719FXU:DR[`\O9!X(*H?3;C^[M/3'&\`@SR6VRILN[%QVX#I7%=6AJ
MV8'[0UK*:HTZC9H!8Y1#\2J4%+6`
0.




W4^!])9::Q14@72]


M#58@2'









U@%EWOSC_PJTO)1!


H







Z/RM

OT@OTY
9B/;QKZ



J2







`3P'SXO*



V5EK@

M:UA=5X;7
-G5XSGTNSJ\AGY+LG*E2W\)22Z*N'+@@G4[*U[_)`P+FA$?0!





M)5?CSZP[%B-6+.8X\3
?WZAOQ'=BA[7Z?HD/^PYY3/[%GYYLW-O12K9WL2

M]


U\Q
MU`=%5[5K`L^+LU?S1O$#5

B;



M+$HLK:+1W]D3VY+-`OOZW-#PFMWSBQ

M)(-(;)&U*84L[8)D::NX_@VR#=FND&R7

MNEQ66]-:2$BO#+=AKXO@H['F@$4KKW3#HN4R`BW7[BHNU\XNH0'T`7UNH4\:



;UZR


BA3WI5I7$%EL@]5S46*
M\VR'


*


M^Z2
*FBZABF/3Z@<IN34S73(2I/(<2EP1R-RK9=O
=U@
M?238^J`(L%_%4
P@8&%MIZO[,W]JF&01'C^^_^EBG\BAD^8Q2-@HW?\W.V
M^/Q;U?;1F:^?


MB$Y[M

;H-PH9BR8]CZ;M7E//`]F1SX._
M7!_2`^E)R(//+'PHFMPLEKXU
X



M!`9


@



'KJNBU6FN`

^&_#G
M/'K`C^GX;(<S);!)!$Q?$?Q@CS8CP@U-:Q81DRC@<R+Y-']J/3.?Q!
UUW2
M7
TE327FZLZX+
M;NJ'IA@_*\\RFSNPM1E$_?)0')L)9MGDR4$QE;`:V$(1H










JJ#Y.=AM[U)=

K


MN(7E2&52&?\PJRZ^&NF%U:2Y7L!PH-ZW
6%J=H5C?3D
DJ,;9+'I:Z_X=ZJ7OTTB=EQ6NHK+8G<*<3?CF

?BA@

M1KY$O\&6+'$
([Z



W5(71Y@5,H<OW^J
M4JB2E(292!$;)=4MD&`B#P=?UVRP(13QX<9'T51FX
A?.=TN]E9EY6X$X

SR7


924O?16VM*V



MCL-GWP9N5['=(MQ-BRP39.QAY_T2X`D_
?$=!4!8FA*NZRR;UA)__W+!8&

FSI
M=:?0A;:UZ2=:9GF!6SD2
6^E6'DS]&0*7K'D2V(BYZ6$*:\8Y3;1
P]4/'G:



F`@A-5W_;D4(1AUQ+QM=RLVDU#$)[


MS2G6
U(@QUP$[/WJPX?72K



PYA5*N

K$#
MRUM2#[X9
N79#)2]$5_U@KCV7!7_1-5]$V9YOKA:\3VG2^P5:^W?;GN3Z$8Q


M12#.CE=PB'96*MRJ-:4HQ-MLAMNNU:4

MM

_N



]

M
JWP7:\Q[`Z'?7W0:#='O4&WTZ^KPY9N&`-MJ*J]]AMEZ=K1P)?!Y
V_-PQ=


FOMMHCXS7YM7:K

ML][K[1&ZV6H5C\ZW6YF;Z4S


M34WMME[SH4/VYS8^G*%;MDR1YV]E
H7







3VA_76GK72ZZU]


M==8L-D=DS)MD!0UC0+-K#O1(=QJ#^FBTQZ7FWB;$/29USF$UFFJ]:?2Z[3X%

MO!BVZGO&N4$LRG@&9Z1);W7K78H;*%RHZRV=@M!^:S6#9L_8XT&C?2KZN6P&
MAX7M
[LN8A[5ASU2;*VIM]M$=:W1[HVX]+2Z:KM/_^Z-O-XZ8+..CN6&49]:
MCFB]0;O/0_MVOTE&MMUH-#KQJ!O]WO[&:$
_)#*WCOJKY]C6R_I4]ZC8KX?=

XA!:`HXHK%*-*)IJU(UV=_CFWU\E+&T?VY_!XC^4J)E1OM
Z2T%D







/HK



Q)
M#PB


HQ




MR%6X#[/1QOP+\&6O'6G
^-FCD3*]0&J
F6]S!M;-P+'FR'%B!L4OJP@%K1












MWYLJ12'E





MBMN.D.?

M;:KB'A/D.DM+S\ARFK58CDNQPW&VCHQV

[&3F]`SB8ZP:E:I#AWA=RH3$9X
M5VVWD*8:2'@&Y&PD/
-Q-IXF

M$]


;O8T$
M9['0P.^K;UH%4W7D-X/QMJD2]/9@O
U4#;T]&&\;JH;\IF=^\Y+I#=X\CU.J

M)WIG_#ZG['=#\
A;%6-[NV.WB\RIM+KA1@M7[=Z.U








1YI;0@/KIPL]L6U2/.)+!)\FXBL%+NK+N.SUV=A8X'


MFQL&I58GG`W:A7M/EF^($]T/F.^'H0L!XQ+?MAU*P7(+G!5JG-L=R^&C_5C^


MB[A1/N7C:/4JQ4+Q-


^R*I6H$(IH_!PK42F/
MX9\6A?P9OBX_A#^DTQC^D&1**5*P]/)
N129***T^5(\3K*DK.1M1=?SA\FO

ZP#W.9?*_'VNV`*TL+^H.]*WLTQMLOC-

M[
Y[`;@0Y42


<1Y*7Y9ER!0PK+^2T2LV3BD1`F=:P#+C7J)K1Q6

M=5+*3RZF\KB]%H1R*@L!;I.\!A:X:WYQT7CZJLBGEU?*-;PDG]:WAU\6T;B4


MMLDE10TDM)\T^;NVZ#I*IZ)^QZRIU(UQTXOFK4.^IVDA30@U;17R6./5^EF7
M

#T\\?)'^^T_/HFZC_LU*JI;\%]61DTM



M[#BU'-UP-

W#]C/LPDA=PI=N2C+S^*RGM2NPWK\

N9`
:$



Z[8;









DTM8FWQK)0I+%TW5OR\^-)/W'1Y(4=^9_[@6@2L



M-I=\1-^D^$@J)R:3%#1.WOV$;G[S0,OZ[`@/$QIKZWW9=_3%^8%,/LE2V-

M>=J?_M
M2PK\@Q387MSO;



M/68IZN`'/ZY



MZH';H8:!\\JR59


M\'+#0

A];UB?(#^[!@=[X




MRG_)KVLW*+IVIO1T-?QA[UKOXW;X


M*J60HO&X7N50JBNAG#=X*:4$3%X'+$7Y2MSL2U#.FXT)2Z+\4@)9)F4E-?GR


O-AGP:*1+?UK2P9NN2R

OKU1E`%FN7_25WRTN
M`TDO.BS)M':%^L?LSQ'OXJPU[-1&D;[8(OU]!:J`W&H5Z4
1H8@'4T2=ZRZ_

.=M$HP8[1P@6'7W:;$CZB7?CGB=`='/SV_
MIV`MT5T9=%QS((/&R-5HMMN#G*6Y9!/X.0.571;YYARY/MI05]BRBCT;L
H

MB^
/T

M4#KLBVL_U7&QU0`#JXU1W#JJAU1:8`HDYU)EL=&KN36?6TR+R.
%DPEG@6#/
M
9VE=




MOW;$?P;2

^?F26Z:$WB)SMS*DG?^8C)<S=F#I:R*/-=PSC^763M:T



J@LDI-U7^%I[.U5;=H9M-<E
M"W2#[UZ)_W.`]ZIQQZ]=LC


X%F2E8QX[





[
M&+BJ'JZRP+:'P!:0NX.4%HW








H\?_S

MA3K;S7TNN]]NL


+W;E-EFZ<'^TB_
M527G








M+QF`D`E0@%&8@`(.!=A=(ZQ:&]J28FC+CO;C8/P\4-0:(J(%EAM,SIJ!Y2


M<(H
MX73A=)MH1G+ZXC+`<+J=LV^8L4I.5RRM%YSN_BD'2^&A7)<,JD7A9<751K1

M



M;2OK1E.^=
\*

M0;E65

7SWKMPAT.NB9
MUG5=YW1


C0TV(2?8=`-#U+G?3QB22]L@?



MOU
GQ:V;M]RBT[HSEFVIIC3UV5_)S)O15-3^%LE[95G%37L`6G%AZ4/MTX.R
MJ+UEN3'4T6[&ZX&E-NW7N632@ZUFZ5^*M1@UQ:8*G9ZZ$*J`RI1:Q5YJN@*
MJJ&$;\U1!X4ZJ%KHY1A-5;2C#@J5'$T)J.MF99E]5'*TW58M@=O?J##_5Y8:
MT.3QU[3^T%)R(^D:):3U
LI2




K_1

M+



WDROS6H:0=F3$
DS
S1M2T(80LC#!IYL6[I#$R7
M.8L5=^`G
DO-\)0XG\Y5
S
IDFT*ME]').#+
3Z+5M#OKZ



-



W#]9N3]$!0TQW@
`@0





M]W(8Q1(![T7/&HPN+AS3'?7.7

ME



W)@NZ#=WNE&Z[X(-%PNO5H2?-\C+C!0:%






&'#SHM-8H+=A[T]3.A
LEYOZFQHON





]\^^=T)




)07(U'!K40@
MXGV4.F$YHL:&;(JD:4M$HA+C:F6PPX
_F5CR'G55:*@(!!()ND8
?2LM0KB=


7;$%I-NV




M09&_TPQSWM!+R=
R5/12^[2[KH8EUC
_%M

M]`J((23F'#$`M451&)`\(=0[A2)K\*I-\EQ+\VN#?%]Y6!;9Y8OF@C#46
M&YW:!*=H&8@YKX;:'T0K3\'SD
0!NGS

MS*+!*X6D(XP/+B*M9L^G%)CN=94$$I@*3\
O449@)US*A3.F7WJW8`#)3R%Y

6:'8!J+IFG9Y

M`9R'0D1K@.\`OH


M3;PE?!'Z

M8WAJMW_=CQN1D!/J3LL*@6'@F(%C1F35@&-&B&-&C5G650U8E.D0%AHK)5]4
M/3J*+-+)E9@YSDK.:%)2J)+.E$D&Y9I+O%KEX;A+M^9G=F8%N&;AR5\-C7




MI


MZJ#(1TE&M`1%TS1)'9)]-IHFV$

?B(O$]



LLYIL5P4THU9*%=];\#7W&3SA$YAR$












NWPT04UQ&!









M


X^'6JTJ

`*UB?)Z!87/$M9#NNE]NTT9

M6KC/MR&0`&
M,Z9LH;#L<8:=92Q6N-CV_N]\#&/=QP)R+=73CD2<@/QQ
5]!
(!X8!PPA+N
MB*RH:B;CRTMPKX`P

M[7:37:A=%OD&L
3M(B-$DK4N\=^7[&G+XA?QE44)E967MMUBAS4/TB*YM)BZ
MQ6X.

D&2$0!XGOTZS&$XH

M.:M


UFYZM

MR&`J3NFS;+9.T?DQP6Z*O2XFV`_2K\[S&)
T61_!LV40SM_SQ_W=ITO)\AFA

ML%M:



KHD0L:U)Q+;%#K=/



MESG4M1-3A[;&.W5X]$+8Z)9U!B1C(1DK$)%W$Y9Q]O
VM^KX4.M2WD;&V
M8


MUD$I:1.FKC#:[!UZO`:6HG`UD&)^&M;QVP8CPZ(2VOP=:IPVN&8WMDX;7B
3+(JLF[KZ\!?7W0UR<0D7<3EG$7
MT.PP7G9]S8[EG63FLB]`6X66)2A]+\9T$WJ6X!`VO=U(C2@(!4`HIDUXD`
M8Q1!*::[A41`)D;E`+*;EYE$0VH
3U=*2`_#VFT-T5.;1L05^N;1QOF4)Y_




B!Y



W#S=7TK`Y__L?6UO

DB]\L!1VS9O$.16I(:C_?7


HIE`X6F!)4UG2
;9V

M#@=#JBKDL';LIJKDXM-`'B8A[ZS.*I!]==YJ/
#\\MQVP'I*'EP5*/+/)]7Y

4.,[]9Q63*CAE5Z:6POKJ')BS:CGT5Q0#SF$!U#W!'7OE7B9,Z5^
MRPCU*)?.924L/&])K)2.:L)<Y=LHI)XKW[CMI/*5NX`#/L'LZ726VVJ_D@B

OU]2:&4D(IH91[
M**7#
4Z$4CX-.T[/TCXJ^?KU3.XB2&XB^M5NGI




MB$3H^MWXJ%R64SP[T*^5VS]G:;X]@;:688R#++NG@)U_)




MQ
K-
L^B++M4V2$HE-NMY@B'U.5VC8YFF?R2X5%P%QH.#6^6AO
\X07U;IIZ


B)7\OGGG/Q[3NA3BK3F0MJ/:X#+BMHO
MI]/#7U\)




@HSR/[T=1$B1C*N7+
M9
)6[=AJYJ$+S@-?LWJN

B-]1:C7L[T1#&`])L**
J#*W2RD

M1B-@D:G!R(;7]S4'6Z!@OHS
]RQ4V`3S962^Z\+F@_D2
E_OZ):-Y!8$2:\1


M@M_TJM_T-0I)$E*'*8C-:^I/'#L&;IQE#[A1#;P`3[`ITY\3C3JND!6O9].
MIVFB7!6L'?K[OSD#Q_2Y.V?*4M?A:OTS$LVX2I!]!`]1`_10_1RBAZQ\8H=


4=&B$8W*)#6;AS


M7)EEZ20JC@E[1=G#+R\R#0\M&.61M@U;*)&T'?2)E$?:ENNK.'8$/^?AHH\S






MSS]^/\_?W@3![-W5^):$\YA\G/P^#[*9/']*$J9$SE=)E
TFP:%%&:7+.[
M7U



ETZ@&
ME7R)DI^:OG[^DT3AD;\1`]U]IV'&Y=5


/

M':C6


C`


M7T/DBAEQ_ETXJ!'4:`



'99*E

M@K@G(&!05AQSK#BYS0-[Z+XJ$-R,NJ?WK%9%3ZH(/BR'U]8Q&P!6S9T[HX
M/O*0P1=$$.`


MA1L#










T

7I^



NJ%]]T23=*8WA]+BN1X\7M55\OET&F3W
BXVX$VVPX0`.W:QU/I[<9)[A



!`D;V5JM
M;Y*$W,]T[H!4O`A9]_EM2QT+GB@J?I`.#-:F5XV70TM7W6X+0Y#$<^@B(V@

O@@3K+^_J-

MR:XY\TR#BZ

`./J95


MY\S-J@;9&GAX?NO0*%[68POX






S\61%%4MK&G

#HP.C`Z)BF




2!+]/$\2J:WXB)[_D]$!YGC^7

YI]01%;[J5;ZB%]+$[%RI
MG2OMM

W=V#]K?@
M?DJ2HGL79.'Z_?X





QUJ6



*9!8W')R^

WGV2&9C`/-\/J6K5M&WW'L;J]G
M]^TRD]%SO8%I.?5G
FY+&3@UM_%J/IO%A$DEB)51E`3)F'Y562&L7%XJ?2H-


3VHQQ0$+D4Q%+WKDXKR\1P:@&&73OI`L7?
_)*100C(A649I0B^+;9<CTIBD*4-\`9P#?2F1P?I(ZG#L;JE
M/,PY+UL:8=`KZKQU5$'_!GI+FNI!KV1CPE$C:K:'[X.DT2!*BA&)WV7W_:&
M+-8)Q?8VP+MU+?G`G?P#6
8'R^;9
70SW0J/J:N'M)0Z2%1S!84XJU6['X

0J6D`2=V:3])!U


!/6%
M,;)QV`J'K:`\1P'B5%4%#+H#W1%<=XRJG&#H#G1'<-UY8]:G/%(L1$MH%8H





MN9N$O\_I&T_N*4^ZRZ.T@R@?QVD^S\@U!:07I^
O/_W];XKRX\.-R
V4)
4G
M
DNI2)*;#1=0I!

#3=^-WZZWIPH43A^XM1

M*50NB_*J?Q$EG9$L*(@2)4IQERJ?5Z/




T_SAU;&




Y/!`\Y


M\$WEV&WPE8Y2H2;@ABC)G!WD9PHSIC:3DBE;J!%3V)4RJ\I5J6I4?C0V6*GS
MPV3_X



5:HR
MG4CI\\O?UV^:
+YT_SBH]03'Q^5_9V/ZAXYDN5@WE]8VG<[


QXNDBGZ-^U0:^5-`500;.P/3]
+TUEX43K8U








ME[G9\7P;^7J'OB?R45N2CZK['
OQ\1N,:V9U=$\EU^)%'D+;


M`3[`!_@T!Q^9=X!1(%G:Y)^.[_OJ(4Z





5[]O@/$ZFE*`/I`[Y5
Z


M&_IQS
[__\\Q'NJNVMY-`WD[L&


MAVXR'A(#8Q
$^``?X(--1FPR8B&O)K].LW1^?ITH?AOX+0B_'0^=.\%N8=FM


PR-_;?^)OL
C
O+





6DGS%;O_O$KOP7W[$_=NR`+R__YD^3,HOU&)Y@T
MU%^1QO\NG_6_Y277]S/2_1;E#W^]*J@!_#ACC\U_)=//)%L#0:/O.GZQL`8
Z`U]W*1#?N_BI]^LOW:]\7%OTS2</M%[9-&83D\E8JSS2_[I
MZH\7D+F#ONWY6M<;=#7#'G1=8VO(-.'ADTA





M(-3IS_]5QDLD[-*@-K@A/].;%P

M`Z_;&^G#H6;HEMOO/DQ


I1Y+MT
5P1ST==L;&A;5%<W8Y)+KQCZK2<**82\#=:@8V-H
A5NS
M+%_K.H
A50VW%(/+M$'SI!=#DWPPV[4
MV=YAF5;MN?K5D_S'OQIQ^R^YH/9




46U)\?T#BA#X4+LB`OKA7:%3$F)XS2D



M2Q)[=
%7JL6$`K#6&IE$$$[33=E#N#ZR11CY0^D-B[)&Z9E&/;5W.JQ#%L



D%

[+R*$UA.QSPVB6H3
QHF$DX/4R




MUCSU`_]^_
?D[.IL2UGV`;)*@:`Z.$IF!FEYSB=H'8MO15*I/LS@UE
;#*0/

QQ)N.<2+;<
M`




M'R\FGQY30K

3R;F)
%E/P7DI9%NY550667^TL/=1BY/M(3VT'Q3#P



M2LJ



MT


M'7_5W2`1MAC2+@;_.?;;G@_Y[Y0M*!#5K4:^L



M@=;HD=TUCNTC47960L



&`.U8-CMTW[9%W*QJ!%%TJ-I:Z-OT#Y^(+Q`Y5[
M=N
`K2E)C88N9Y)M\$L?7&F,:368G5SH'*8;IPF8QVP*X=6AWKYEL6R%$M/
M;)D.8OE2W+C:]AQRU((0M%$ANN63%J=55O_)+G90?V71.4_SL\'DZC:.K
?
M0RDIA)RT4@:]\BAO

B16IJ0UQ
+/=S?/U[7-_CB^.).=S9&^WM&)
M,@9E33`2:8




6
/OB(T8!2+86R
I@]?VF6%ZV)J9V
I%-`'ND=KN?
M15Q7P=
*Z6-8BB



M).



MM)&B\]B]]B-Q=[=I(.`?EL73$XC*6I!%BR`3+PK6VEDVY=
!(W8?#
/[6_\#


XE;Y(KWHE
S8ZCCMDE]O%Q

MCI*W








M=A[H^-O?%J[

SL_B02]%8G34/J3F;;\?SX_NX?8XNNJ?]W7%?LMR-;N^,_+=E7Q

CU^?0?YE=[&GH5=^]


MSRXN%Y-

MK$5V:/;NG3G]*.Y@:Y$?7XOIATZHZY[FN;)ORV:@:S*LQ3`A-K'MM?).M!;+

MGPICP
;5O238%8`*NJ/Z!)[*-LU[AT\TS51;$5QU5
S[0M'R.QR/
#P]-E
MHRNI&547X?=Q]`U@;X%JH+4H#Z_%]L




PA.DBFIQR.(JKY`8#-+LCB;P!.KV*9L@B6*?&+.R!!G
MS2C.FL=_YD52W5WFRPSJ9SW'SR-(5/93TNDVD2%\#O/*J:S9(T@8'+D41R
M`V'4(L[NI`IM!?`ZIO$A?(*(:\Q8)K$T@3`




M!3X=L`#X]%RNYERL`%(P-:NA-\**@P'+HA2YM*W5O@YPIU-IFL#`A30K\CD.
M4G8`.46.\N/RAM9
?V#Z\39.$1%'P%INFDHW
#!P19H`9$BXE9Y:U


W(!\%#@
M*[%&Y&.T48/*ELI\5BU!X8^D3^`9)@6G#1X7JAB*8Z.UT2:(/1RRP.`+UD7!

MM8-

M


$J[_G^729%_B`[HIF)L&
MXYB

$%J%@MPE;$K=
XJ*X0]:YQ4*CJ&BON\M(@(\@LDPJ=HE1
M'W[1KBBF%0F'.$-S(U5
.(O)'-UA\H'`88GQOPSSB^.X1`\#4Q[EI$C&
.(8


DY*V
M)?@

9+$\`/+GJ

%IM=SO$$B$0JU.0F'E\=^);'O3J._+V




U%XU6$V=\0(<E*9W%:.A!NE






?LD7R4125?GG=^!@



M.(X3FLJF
L.]XG8_'BWJP&CQ#-U0%54(R6T+=O5(]ELT(;X:;JR_TJ]$.@
MY1-K3_:[V?031)+%IN&V]L(XQA+73N``/J/`5!5-DR/==+U0U/J/?
URGHSD
M)R)I0/3*#Z!W(



M


M(\OS?#?R/;TIR2\;NKD!
[V2\S\&










MYQ?JJ=3/VLX.W]C9EEO19









MP*@9.)JJ.XU?'^E&9/:B4?N!/
1IH'-W9;H7AT:ZJODZ


3@-G


;@L?=Z^)\J0`+_Q`4O\\K%B3E)

MK7!=%=1[Y($LNK:MFJYL*`:UPK5




Q^;&J

EY!C[4ZXH\P`6
MG8=%U-J.PD_W6!55KR(9[&BR)`+/XCHAF1=L.PFBD\4T]N!)E^76_1U-3)
MI




.?44/HB!RN-=F^+*E


E
FRD'
MQ_[C&






;
M&[HH$OC_V8+NX)..G+


M^H3&

QPIOF1T_SM@-L\9WOZHNTIW5.BKIT)OS)WMJL/B]6`

M#E^5N)V*5`UZIW4+3L[

M!K*AFFXH\&IM69KIAJJ(R'C\(C(S@K)(I+






&EA+$7<.\$=Y<H0


G)K%()_-:D

MI?/SJY&X\-F[YOC\L=/@'?)(4RV

MT-GH!#8HQN@HPEH0[!N[P9;:;*0=W9TY\H.(H67B-].!X^$BM2D02P1,=&X
MCV!E9I/7(X`-9/%YM'B`S\,OS'+Q,*U;`!^I$,PK;[DWF@CF/+$1BT8A&`?!
MG$H2;71W*9(65^&)`\BG%.'$:4`YS`919J&I`VC/A^B\A83N2:YM!@-IR%P

M8#]U`':1C!&
15#O!8G

M:'?8X6GH[D06K7A0

4A-'+[?[J9-%B&(8'G'($

')I93*0G:+:*#C'BU!\*I
MA8CQ@TY

MCN5J$%2O/QA

MYQDNRS0@ZK'_1]$KUAJ39H+URW+Y.%NY@NIU_4KG5C.F'M








F@CT@8E(':AFU@A%
IJV13O%BV[





MFG:JK!8D-BNY!Y+[9[4.EJ9-FV/\L@MD7B
`!@X+C/,@&]#$C\[.LQX6X
M'\8`W^*FP3D;&ZSFHN

@B2_6:
M3R?R;96K9?1MZ.@-JH(A\2/

MOHY4A]4ILNGR3VS\/;

(
M
E84&V-/*+V!@6C&+<:.6-LLVZ<YRS0X\#


A#)D&GX





A*@8.U?L6_Y]K1;$_IW7I_\WP



6:!V^$O_?D?1;J?]W$Y2_?E







)W.BMK!
M;3SEIG?7/&7G5:G#^3(][NDU\


M!EEA0!
ETLZSA730

M(T




V'0VY9O;Q&D/.*U(8&A**GZ;I)A$@?F6KP+42^_?@6

B3MQ&H/;(Q0P/X;TKO;_


GI
EH


M9*M]'K:)U5BXP(W%)CKF+?;U:DNF.-N[VN#;U-4I^2M036`L$(&91XP[:IFQ



Z'F
;



M6-J]6TE5HLP+&





MW!<^0RL`
;'9
MI%Z83Q-TC?`;J.17A6BNLEL.XUM]$]:+DN1Y.$F^1\E@FE^*#7X\Q(G2;]'Z

$1GUDT3)O5&HR$O%0=DC-CR2YL:]#M`)%M



M##BVM:LT



EU



#_-TMER%W_XJI\^

M092



Q:/Z=K`
%W.'=/U8?:.KE)/+
9#&K[.C]:[JVD4#RL:C*_=


MO5`^N
L2SS;<MCGN\&H`@$][*Z
M%K:I3QS#4NI+WHPC5P85OUYO:.O4,*46L8CP0H/9+#1L<'F?&B2R7*TB]ML



5
M\Z2V&

M-%4#
`UTA?.L=:7.6]0;\3;L6;9KI$%A$W9



MQK8K=%=Q'0H$AQ$`MAP[QS@PP`ZOI+
QUU*M(+

MF


@)H2NYS7<C

M%E29



MXF4\#L#V\D\LFJ%O:TYV9=#:53FV

NO(8I2UIG:0
M




#+SD@F1!LB!9T')!SB!GCH\S:.TVLW:G
MCXGNG9)V.TFB_JRK=NT0[=H&ZTO14D&NX*Z#G$']@EQ!_7)TG
%+'!MI=34#
M^'NSM%GW9-B+QT]J.M


.#)(%'1CD#'*F4YQ9T`3.F!9Q*,OBXA[]=X1VCN9Z_XDL1/




+7ZZO1*/_.^PMRD?X-W.C/_Z[`X5M\
MKZ:]S^I[[^OD/BKEEWZ/![

MADRWB
]']:1&Y^E3L@:H=X)ZD9&Q\;D%(2Z`NJM@[%X

MP5I3SK'G#K(%MQST#M$[1

MR:W)5*Q9BL`=$7`'=5V.'3@
&6UMGZ2POGSZZ_+Z\@B[9?8QCM2``!:V;D:R

4]YEZ&RQ0I1IZXQSITLN
L@9U#!H!F+




MR3E=CJ8/=:%^YXEAV*@P)V)XJ(J;I[
[=[&49A=P:2T.?019..E#1GM7#4XE


M660#M




J!D


_


I4)E/BG+Z1'D5E<8H@]_[25;(1'T;]7_`Y](XJTR-^OO%
M4'M4-U5[6775\;0I^#CNR^)X8Y!I,.T[FXZ*9XT:FY&CC7<7EE_(SR6YO

MLG)`@ZU(ZJ57SF+.(5.E*\9*C^2RW$NU4;5`&DPM)_AE]/C7#Z=EB]K2.U


#XP\;K!PL_/)57G[H^01A\D_Z[=SO&?'@0R\$QWOD!K[/61C8B`7$\QR'
A?FL+7?
M--=]T5J;5KQS6K5X-@XX]O02GU4*5;[@U9L*#'XM*D=8Q[_9I`'O]Y5*M:&




MUHP_JI3@0XN=7Y6_NY/4W9:4SE'-O-5;7H@'ZT









MD/HS)ZAE3&TJ`_*


V9:_P9%NV2WUB(V8Z
M!/DXX%

M43!NM6$7#L7\
?W




E+\9%[4PC4))LRZT

MA_M-Z!Z7/&BL-
JV5H]_A:\3M52U5OV39P^$CN+!()%O?41_?\MYK%4195-I
MMUVH6ZJ1HO*2VI/*KBJSIV66QULZ`OZV13=4A6T5/;V_`DC(Y\/!M39*-JHZ
ML$QP793/ACC$!PW$






G


=(Y7+CJ@+6E;+2DCJ+F$LK:


EY0&*_?GXPF253*@3&0XUSVXZK8[%8
;2=RO'^U
M':NY





JF?UL)&OC:8RCV^@BT=?PO;`3

R%







S=Y9-I=[S+E
U=JU%SU2XZ
MDI;866UQS&W5IVVOLJR4P[KHW[^_&_WHOS^;C




M7
=)`N`X!?RDPQC@X!6%+`NOWY^

\$






RT/@N:8JX@G+8;L6
MQ[^K\QJ`)PBZHJ$

M&*?P2JPBCZ+

_+VPZ)RL7`;H



3U?T_U]$]*7[6KX:L?N0+

M'GC.3!*8$E[3


]MP+[\R50UCOY*\H'TH#PEX)
M#:NPUZBZF*?L09^/?HRN4CB/DSRHW*!BIYKYN9KCSW&X[7&P@)PZC'?
M!+;N3$$Q(]C'6HBDQ$PV_/\S=&X/G?/44B8#5;:@1DEA%^.CP+..?.]P
(0

0(:[%L.ES0=3L8!8ON!AFB[V3CT)\_OKQ
M5/QI5

]L*X!HVK6#
MNUC.PXCV3BZK@EXT'+=89S^A`#__6GUHPJP'DY#1*;\??_QQS?!VF^;JT!

MB^0A1=!W5&9@.=^M0))M^1PCX5/3$CCTK8#@



\Y`HTDP$
M##XA(2F1EL2\H`
CAI:']-LRK4

*RX1)$!-`NDZ9\X2[=C!+TRT@1=Q:4:F

0:84DFUR5

*81]
=N=DVG-X^`AU'*.HF82.Q:L%)G:
XO+
M
6Y.II55



S*M[JT901*R:4)T



5+


6)


\\LO
M2Z/U*A@3#3








MM

MU;_


$\VH8@ZB1ZO_P00JA
M#EP.5=XK?5D\UC5^'*.O.
4.M:T^2Z4YU3M9SC6$0(.-AA)B05C1`D.]._@




KM^3HW[*T<
?VV$:U]#OM@_#9?KKW2V
/9_7?WPWJ7;IT=UF_3Q1_]?Q[6^_<ONK?]

6K`X:S&
_M`/;IMF^Z=S?KRYON9O6V[U;=]<
J


ME]6@T+U;[V^ZMZOA?7KT$2)LKM:7?5

M]?[_3+7Z-0R=G/\10Q\O3NC^-JRN^L[]P[YJAX4:0G4:6
?`Q:0.@LL\`O.
MFFA)I\\

M@D^/?OW^H]\:@0

M#7CX=]_:?_X``]T\[#IT@?@S&-F07'Z?G.1^O!&Q^PIL\#C$Z7=7NZ36]Q`U







71K^$M.G,WTX-,Z64EM+\'\-%L4&_$<#31\8VB_OB7=Z
MPNR*$H'ZRY*_OO,?K)5_,_+2VF0R.<M_NRR:!'4%6;7:V3^_WS[D)@Z*$E1
MA




QE*H0K
MJDN#1DKKT)B5OYBY8?4RUZC@/XGC
V@*PZ-I=;'T


M1[YRE@1!JT:@$:A^V8J^B!9-0%O?
FB\=WW0=CT$3U'@LQ486^@D239_*;8A
M$N(]QDPUPJJ.R*=17E:'RVD=&C
Q1[E=+9)M6'Y)WPE*LJ+571HWRD#HMW06
M;@/D




Y$-PN!:%@Y



H-B.VK$:R%?P(5.'I1WRU%09^OI]8#*&[


MJN9%$L@LV\Y;9FV'


M_XCYKE#*NB_


7)
M%%NM



J.OL#CHYAW*@@=L8*A8+D2`[4*.;7AC7TD('7RF

;`Y43!JP2QP]NF6

(Z2*?R

M=V@4X06Y_KDGF##-F8?^@PBL@9O$N%MOF+:A(`XX]S(8X9DF`(P2_Z1CQ_


M!+
L!IN`9

($U59.%0\97UQC^([29^Y8[\
!33&503D'6NLV];$4[`S;W^I

6EL(WD2?]YJ;B;13G%E.T%`;*YC`1E^-1RK`[(=&B]WKYG!
HYQC

MCR4\9:ZFYM





SX]=,A^L&J6.S!5[,H=W/K=;D%)
MQY_XS&TV\,!#EEF:@?3)0&=?PA!IV-=U?.!CGT[)5:-%/R!X^(5LHS-82O%





CRNJK(\QV


ZOT;8Z@BT[#\HSW/TUE4*C[)'^EH@IZ\&H

G0-C#5-P5H0)L
A-)'!X3ZT
MI23XBP*7



MS#BG-E5M&.I:UN2
3
TG8]1I



26D_Y.*':W%*^-HJH]&LLM1K1:[MU7`D;
LS


DAP&'.M&Z:I9D''PIIKD&&G8X5J+-XX\\0O


B8T




M$.RJ?;?AZ/@%!6,X[B\LM]NI&H6=QWHNN('&W*:S7$D0Y:?VN+
@#185GQ

+FY7T^[ZG
!\
MWDK\NJX\8*BU7MWD^3J


MX/*IXO.8TOB-W^AL&&EJ2CNV[R)-
P_0T^//S?%'+E%XAUX(;=JB62_I&.80
!`4YCGV6S5

3?O\:GAU
M


F-%-5U&82L)CO@V]XVS0



=*L=79\I^;$OL%R^=_XGQF
MU#1CF


M'MC(&WL6FHP

9M-Y!_=T]`@O;RY$2D?
MS&97L_8K67V
?)3?5*3IJQ0=#S=FXPFV!V8B.@#AUS0*SA$A_L3S`YQ*4(



MF-];-ODR?8CGWY.?&;9




F:7-6+Y!#


MH-7H/!0%%QM
;M;9.V%@





_4JW-!=!\M/H
M*@SS'4FV\B]MRZ_3^-FK7D4L'5;P3$:1H6W!#M5(0O,S










MIJX*?T@MY'X(

Q5^-T`YF2!7







M6%!UW&[G6NPSUG/%?

=]VS2@D:U2/O-G%B?!D%9-S_;C)LQ]RS]IVK?UG




$%`````@`+T4Y
M0LMN/(#`B@``TP8'`!0`'`!M:V
M
C`Q
C$Q
S!?9&5F+GAM;%540`#BHL

)&<J5;$DXM+]=:/1W;CP
MU[__F$Z.OIDTBY+XPSOX'KP[,O$H&4?Q[8=W7ZZ.V94X/7WW]__^S__X];^.
MC__)+\^.9#*:34V<'XG4A+D9'WV/\KNC/\VUCB:V6G9\OA]-/]D?_SZ2_'?


I;'-Y-;NG



+$?71QO9


MPLEIG.5I&5=DP@[1!TO#W)6T5*_8J-?*UP2F^YZ&`R2[TY/D^^]F?&M:L;NA


M2A8B&[O

2
M;*?_
ZT8;=M9WN`Y3*;L9&5
M4)0_=,+Y^O;VP-R*##IE<GN[O3[['XEE65K6?(*M:%-9^CJ*Z];M16'TP5
M(5_YDQT8UA!.HIO2M9N34I.9G=I8ST28CBH^%A]765ENTHKB_&0<34\694[


$]_'8W(2S2=Z0QK7M]$EQ
@VCN#W!

CXP\JW
G.T`8)=
MFPH09IBX@&L?:9=*A%VY[`(32CP:L'RJ(DL'1T56S;2#^^6BZ&RTX6_R9-


[L-2DS#G983[?K#B0VE7;
MQJY&)K;19

ME:P#W$I-&L86S6G\$F?W9F0]6#.63^;[5XW.FCJ!HEPS`'WL
8R4ZWC$]2HF

\H]/





JB!KFZ169G2*^R%S7J&KQ]ZM6%




$@3[/E,:XH4-!!

4)VEYD^E\S)Q_
MCTV:W47WCY$4?YA?-+M!XW9H)9!:8


MOW/

/Y

-58





L?)\@J#@K[H5P$%$S5GA!!YP*OG_8B\)4`'EWJK%3K^)=)N

M

(;=XHBQZU244=KJT/\PP7YM:-=OKMT-@Z&WIPOJ
M
^&Z@G'+%X.8






AK
FT%QAN6[F$NZ0XKU#T)


SF^N[L+4V+\BF4Z3N)QOUCA5
MG;0=
(:8KY3P(&

6+'O4C#OXA'='OUB7;!WQ-U6B5R/-9GN5A/+:45@2I

M\MZ=+XQTJU![P[`+K5I5_=_-9

.2N*R!'UJOTL5;0=9G2E&$-ZT6U/;.V]5#!DX(!PHH#S2GS
ME(

M0D
[32'A4R0(AQ4RTG/0D






M=23E5D`
MWLU-?_/WI4MN8UCV3^:P;X\8IUP=$W;8;NF8YX82HE.JULI.22E
MVYZO'U`2F8NUD`(!4NF*JHIR91%
WG
/@+OAXMMD/G
_O@4GISE+M8?@\@1O
M
;J01B%4G6C&F'FE!


.<L)X`ZZ1URNZ[F#4C&H`@
M)%L`DA

LE8!CI;R7J!:4LIB;




MUT;W\ZJB[FJY#3`O=HU[MN6ZW&Q;Q*3Z_45%E5K#6H:I`P`C/CCGV#4JL2JB
MU4NRV'3ZR
IO.SZU1EP<7UACE67&
M0!WF*0!8U:5=&BL94=2:,&(^@;U#F[.*%O]I8?;'!^^K<NOU4FA[^53!]J_









M



M097343QR9*2-JWAR6$%P-2\41MQB#!!46#4Q6*Y`1/U/LG1=OZSH$9UL1`AD


+3*%`4FHGG298(!S6_%IPY

MD!8

M/;(.0ZY\LVPB&M/%+-TYB5R




M




)G/WBW-Y-M\.UGL









@D+7




RF/_5HH;5&G$.E%!0*


M#ACI2.(
=I+095*N(L6




+.*R#M


YV:R6Y6Q7\W
LTG]Q3*&LY5([Z`23E`:8


\-*:0W3!CM'
%`0TEA
ML!5KH3`U




10T*(TGM$84L[P5QIV*2#


0
M1!3PG$
)('=(*6!%+:1DEH^\2C6Q9EOP*`;&-\J9@;ARH:SU5J@R$$7^#
HX




#@\5(M);3K&$R-OPWXUXMF(
MVLID=F\/NCIZT6\D-OGLVOF/79^:U4/I'ZLNDA?-V*


MI%40!D??


#4'_
)W?S
MQ2X!=RZ['?WR`GC+N/(!+@&M)-!4$!Y@
P:/
?&5EF?9
;TV878N@/BE#!]U

1/:8=
`KEM&
D(ZV[<=+6<AI5^
M]]3[+\=
XM\C?V.-AE9P&_PVS*&BG@O`




MHYQY2_F;_%3YW?


M'QTQ/2BJVRU0V*+!J`6QT`L`&!%4**PLQ0T\%DY:ZW+0\\_ACAE&P#'G#?U?

W^;J21%T&@88?X_.7[1!0STN=S6=VNEJ4)



MW0F+=KJ\
XT47



ML?Y25M]6FR


^8=AI:9HX'\










.7$U9C%G6)*`F;(WM::
K_F
M

MM&Y##_ESC!H1RS=.L$S$.I


0QHX277=14S2I*3'YT`^
SIN5UGLCI9%(*
X@$$P2

($SX-C;GPL
EW;F(`F



41QB3`1$#*G$GXA:QLYRPR]BNQCTTZ`]71FX
4VK-82QY

FREB9G3GF^F$)XB



MTA(SZ!G@-5;M5
)(0K)BS*-RYA!D%N;I(@M]NOOL4
8?X0O(3Z]SXM?ASU


MR'$WORU9'T^5F0W-9&;=\V]]5FYR[M$8:\4-F&5\L))#4$LNZR]`S/7ZDT

%
!!0;@D2
M`1?@D:?8UY!@Z=E83L?=KAA?MD4'1J\6?#I]]77\OTF&.+S3*-3D^T5$#+

MQZ@2+&!4QW`09=1)S55.
#-P.1\9.1ZP_EW_LO_RG7M^4?V\W^II_NN%7+

M$X[1


TEPC%^]W*FSK3A*F



MPT^%;S^7RT
50U?KB%]_L$*:EH5QCK1E55J(ZQYHI.9837&X
1X%H[ZC
P$%)[ZGW8J6'=<\@$0EG9:-)
M=


MAQEV5`=`)6FY;A:4WO.X:S.%@XQ@@!TRU#%/.*'$-#`!S?N/^6BRDQ$6\O$0


MT9DN



MG$LAF&T7^V_5J\_+F_+JL`X
./MZSUVD[--
(2'#4%G#$190:&B#Z5OW$(&4

M@BB[&Y(7*K75A%.!
#=&2VB$
-S8NI.`

\6)TW


M&_*14.H[UC&-\;O#YJHJKSYNRG_\;
._.-0MGBR(-^%EL2;

MHTNCELO#M\






MA8Y;Z(V2
1%A

!V;6E\7]8O/T^RKV



EH`#J=:JU@VF#-5%5#!8)BEL8=4SW6P$V*7W1N$8'I

M$RG[G7

M7+
*$R0PXMP.L

:+FZ?1
DJJY95@?V

P7ZCP(J`]=*Y*I

MV)1VO7WX;1-7X6H`NW'O=G@)HK^.;1?



`X8@(:B2RW*$&C0
[M

Z*-I?5`O$




*=;T7NX50B


M3[M._Q:[:6*G_FPX


6HHE8CQOQU/+4!*S&5$11'0`2C*-3`8,52[AZ?#WW&!^X?
M=]5!2W!(4J
XBBB1`)U-3S!J@3!U`QUI/OR:A+L+OJ`P`%19U!5A.*0I=
MY;]^!H`RF5`Z:X;2U'W)

M6RJL
(Z0H*FTA)*`B?/56A^0-(0RD:/Z-HN#J7%QGH%X?T^BT9UP1ULH*+4(

B4:$/B.P/!CF][NU&M95L%UUL
=)TYK`$A
KMR<=)W6`G

MS57YY:XL'_HLVUU:++P7O*K?1`08PP1RP31G0YBJA.MW@Z?ESY2B8^(]!R&;

M/S^7B\K!N-8/S:Q]DE*I31;



'A3`PQL32R^2!?OM'=B=7S










(@


SF1/PVN?:??XM=J!%





N%C[M2JBH!Q^WB7E[:.F,&`.DBY9\
M*6]5)J!(1$)1#&!T!PE(9DP@XR86GALO@RU5RBM3YS2]LFBR\TE92[QS8





M)M3JA0JYY[+9\5]_76\JX([+[
;XN2+.P)6DG6K'&?946D_@]5


MG(M@%3C1G%]`2IZP4YZ9F'R1%!GH$]]K7KQSQ*HQO772H:L9])8KP4!$9R

M&QD415X3B#Y+]



M)3..4$!!

M@+'


MN`&G@H\^)4?-MZ0A)2?:/+DH^O)A2)3Z9AX9JX9-@&(CE0FEN+XEQ%Q!GWI
M/=4RX7ALGL0276T\`D@#F3BQ[J#B-(+!`F756XJ`:__G_V;O6YK9Q)?N/
MMO!^?

MD1#Z]`'0:#2Z+4J(WQ^G
ET&Q2;@4VPFW[=Y.K&U//1*A00!#F@M+4
P?/*2

&8:
1V64T^X
MG*Z^#GQ(@NK=



QNJ$


'T1

X8XWLTK
+1P
MW?/^/=\CQ0@!+H0S#B(#)44$/@OEF


M_&J^^'IQLV__%D


6\LQ#
F$/!+%
[@[J<Y?GJL$UX(B(:"0EIAH<&L$49F!`*.MBR

MQOQ2?Z\7=O9X:N@=?+9B`$#@#580*ZZU)\*V)WQ`\83;0(

MI^:P`LQ*)BPWVGA)M%72\_94%YJ$H.CSXUI'.H'
ALX(1
B85
A;1ZT%W!&I

TWVX]6S^L'C\LK_Y^TH[[


8.E8T`0



M(QGEB&I#(+02OAAX
FGC6^`R;_[U*`]

(
M?:Q_;BY_U+??ZS^#L?7MT
1Q=CL5]IA*AI$UCO
P)(#&N)'/:YI`@P(W=-.F







G&]C;RIKF-_'&YN'K*''[L].+0.Y42T$F

E








U/]=:.T2_?


MUR%O]AEO5T009+2TP5YDDAKH#;+/\DAO9-&B2WO=T(
I:#DT6-/V)$?I-HUT
MH;\G_


MI]ECG/
N-M_JU?/G]4FOVHDW*\T50\0S!#QDD!!%C'P66
L;&JN0

M7=1ITM&R&4!WW=+!GH?52%?7SB]6[A6`QE.*(__*$W:S8$R-L7U,5!K!*6





4!XRD&8L4@
MD638EOZZB!AM]]V)\99C57.,PT8L2KP7I/0.P1UNQN3:HJ%QH8AQYP]27(





M_)+4KT]60#D.F1
J


MR3L(K([%8J:$`D@C70R_M=B]E2XHKZV\_75625=]KQ;40^U!\)1*)0FE%B

91B1F[0BB\3)Z:'7TB/B8(0H1A6SQ1R5@K=D-Y`:*=4[*OT





MAPC512.R3I2

B2

TE75+O=8/HG?'




ZJ/J?-B

5=(ZC()#C


MQ\S4+;Y$K9WB0!)([Y`-T[3XID&L=QY]693K[H[]/8\7@D0D/($24B3I0Q



2*EN%0?'W`NDTV







MMR&YH!J)*W\M'M;U=9N]SLSNPSS6S&*=^7*TE8IYA)0Q1'FE&=!$0J
:(!P4
M0'KV=-\E.%,3KA&M2IB%-9\$T7R=7V2,QU;J*1PEB/%*3)`:RTE-;(!0/4

=^
C[1*AWL3AMT51

O#:\=<
M/


_+*PZ=0#'L]-9ED&YI
M
B]F$;#9[&;U]MFA*W+[Q@4.$/
..6;?1!PW]P'7.DM$@I69#WJEPRRU^*
N&4R_YWP%$
M[YSO`[T
-P!V=Q-C
-&
B!IHO7[W_GOM;ST;`(_'HT826J6!QQXX29[625-J







MNK5E%8-T;'H7@R]U
9U-7LCN

%!H`@&F&L
M+

M2&MM@?$0`$8X]4UOHI990NJ$-*1



M'_?SAP)2R
1M7CKJ
'

MOGPL1-JXT=1[2W!36()SS]O566:'&*+HBX^)6/6V\4?[?%1^*^H_=[-^UZ.!

?.Z#_1WAU9L(^-UX_%97LWV6S*&AP0+O/#?2





M177L^
`]8`QYXQS1Q&+.FXK\:WJP4BDUF'(Q/)$Q57Z8NF8[3&3[J_'!
D
Y






HXCV^[2DE
^


M#


MJ5


MU9JBT%'BK^X^CK]%%7XYXG3Y27E;

M57SD0'_E\R8









MT(%\Y$?JW.]_%:Z87=T]7\.3&G0=M:JH)Q7WNRZ_GS!#4(Y;KC6.6A6
ZGQ#

M









9%2

?R^&SNH(1UU$))
M@8U*%/2`B0V[G-

$):8747!-CA'-1

,6L(HY+#8&%BBHKB8Y'&80$<']D]]T\.T53
M=609I#P4A'[^8)4*N8;05919=184LA7)&'/#4TX6#J*-'?)EJI#*(8=.]Z0


'=
M07#^4AROOGVKILN%'HS8OGHV2%B2!%


-)T:M$6
:E




M#@\(1F%G&D$%H4?.

AG^!Y
MO=P)F$]2A\*']R_L47





F+<?VO8K*WHF?/*PG$&:=<@)$;5`IH:QM36-(D4FH


[7U&
3-FL



T*G*??U_+::.

9LP1J-K`2!=?\*T2EK3R/
3F:V._N.&QUC
/.^EJDWMOJNAO!
M

-X;7+OI^3S\


M/12$(EU0%(0D'
M')`CP=9MU\C/)Z=@*E'T!6V6+
)ZOSE;%2\^%



:99JP#E+$I-8^514^F-CLF+]04GSQBEA]6MQ569G%3U1@X/SYS

!:L$E:?930\Y.]<CI9Y<Q=8W&Y(6:XI-'1O


T^\M20`LX0P

M/P_MLA


];L1%H=IMZ_







M9
&4=R7'I9CH@`27%;+_*('A9^A^RV-DSQA7X`U07&5H&.XIXKZZVYYQ)QY=
MM/$S=/]X'+$@*#@%`OI@Q.4&6UJ(,&I4:,0A@[=;RV:P4+WST/[$D/WD2&4
M84R]TU9+(=+DXFL$E'`9QRBS=UO+8*CH?OG`5F.1SJ#Z&?!O
68I;&!6&ZL


W!8

TLKFY

3K


8;?D]^.!A&%.`2D!5#E

[3P[0)19KMUT[M
MI[&H



M=S]D(E\PJUU1:H-!.$(U(\YKJH`U2UO#B;_L?;;)+:\@;F=CB(_V9R8RN98M
MB%(PSYDT6$G


MQC/#E9/$.L
8-8(3''BWM)J

M*$EE

MALIVXF+='PCC
;KXNQVCCW\799*T!&?3`D5+3*1BWSHCF2ZQ/&TOC&:`
!JC






M)1XQ;=)_ZX[KD%.4OO?I8(S3@N&@&TTSH:)B^6;UN:KTN4MK]E5:D
%VNVPG



M_61!^*I45.:)_1S$




OW-_P%02P
$%`````@`

0$`GTH0`!0`'`!M:V
M
C`Q
C$Q

TJ%2F2*C4&F/:CK'ON
MN=2YO1U]<<_/VU2\`T599)G/[]3WROO`
J6^2K)[G]^]_7VTKN%U]?O_ORG

\?0)`OMQN450`6**[0GQ/J@?P=W07)2G^L_+RLOTT:+[
M/_SM)_*_N[A$X*E


8Z3[^].;SW_7ZTZKK




M7H`&*_@]0?L'\&L'^)]_O-HY_C($^?+0J*IQKN/RK@;;DH1!J]H52JNR^\DE
KXYDXZ$;O84




`W^X(AU%P4EMV/RV7
`\


M


M7UBR\NWPC+G)V6DZK7Y2&6+3OZG)H==`J22-4T$FLFAT\+6/1Y1P-!4ST
+Q
MV'


(8!A32\U+


1:E;W+6MPX)
]CBK[
R3Y-5_:!NW@0'_XA1@011
M3:=)T[/

M)*ART


M7DVHEUEA7*'[O$A0T]O'M7W'U@);5RP/JC`
E2#L(9BFR5;@B[






0+X&7V]!`_OMG/]
M;4''


MBH[`313N%NYW('+L_V


V=

]@V$^M/+FG(




M?
6W9(G`$M=\276![WCB#ZCB)^ZS?V)#25=#SB&;F/MH]35UKLN=5^_H5C
M+]\&TH?URU!8)SIIR!(0IN.(4B(]DXID*F]/'FR42#)]H^_3&
BP?P5^J%U5

[V'CBPM17^-Q8I9^G%)!S
E21HW_L

0JQ)[F
S


MZ[+GCO4

M?C%Z]@-!\JIUXS^H
`&`

MQU




M9JN68KQC.9/






M++?X#YX/NW$
OJVKMN^Z6H#_M4





R-J=-
M&1`QRV[5EG3E[W

M*PQMPW+KSD*AY9F*;5
B<RA<CCB1Z@C2VMDJ`O--E
(\/)T:Q9(II:R]1620O@9F.AJN
MM#W+C6S-]*U0-PVCS]*61?DT^W1X9EK8EK4SDU:V(^
IOK25'\@I:MO&BTF+

8]#
7P?-4S

T?)!&UKOSHB
K'#6A0HY:8


MMSU==W3HZS@=&[LSLIKO1BR'3!DO+7GEUE!4\G[



F_DV3W;QKP!$FY)/T2/L<5



MK



]

MF5#A;$PL!
(



M

I
M.VAU3\U@(W
OD-AO92V$QYZ#;*;\_C7VX/W2-)N_JNV6U)O;^B`^^4J4V%T=
M/78)B!8QQAE!`!0DSQ'F&($H0C%+2!K:V,N5\7X:]V#ND#(X[Z^AOEC\E4



B.]\UVRYO=7^O=9@4Y

V!R8)`^K.[^?*AVY88][$2O]:[M]U91&A8YPC$B69$Q






MK^7N7;


M7Z$L30C(LT3\PE@









MA
9IFJ$$A023'1CR@V3G.J?7=5LOY^:H


MD5ZELR=S?0#[4&VW_RRWFQ4#B*


&48Y%S)3&)6
S3





M
`\NNP2S=LV]5C#K!VH+9D-K/8'YX]=R5ZX_']H+\&`8%H0QR'!(0P))$8]
MK-ZF







?QIMW)K?U][(6=?9C



M9N=3L6#.*:YFQB2GFM)%WPW2ST-MM\]=:
M.+!E%!`<LS2)&5YE*4%'Q-RG$=D59=?UH=2_38EZQ*5&A/N&M.I.#L6C4*#

M(LZ0W+@!$R#W;401R*-QWJ$(P]6A.:RWAI!3*4`KOQJUV#&M_3FV%%-RSQ!;


MY

MGI3\2]-L_JJV6U)O;L776'^I/FW+83'L\9]7/$L*GF0DQ#R/64&C&(-!6
'C



M7&/+R\9]!WP^=9_$:DO6=W.X
4Y`3I(\S2%A&8%1)*_![8K
8F:Z.5:[G-DR
M?
I1]I$U'-VT:S3#$6)8B;V6/)IE7**<)@F12R&
M)&F!6$C#7E&N.'DITX14TY_/J*2Y1RHEHTV0'+JHL6_59.?4GUR^9H0TC9
MS47S1ST*)?1HFF*^X')2IIQTI3!/$2.@8*2`@&!2H'!
QL(86:V]:);EF4-R


M+*19=]
&BVB5=]W!3FKZV-^N0*Z*G_PHZC?/=?J%DW856Z-;ZA;1%QT$U
M/K]6TW;Y45YZLTHPCS$F.(Q92I*XQSE0RE10;6N^]+\T9[G4XYM[H]6C^H#


M#24QS*`.=`Q^_







A`;





`0:R'&


NWU=B\_[=K]_*#<K5E`(BT3\AV8@P4F<16`H(T
L

UWQYI)FH



X-`$9Z;4)A_;NK#_XGAXTOI=
MJXGCOK9N'L&TW5VH3U=#OFM/+S]+*]+&:YB@C*`
9Y@8L\AAF`'(^]$RAB
3@<%09

4HISR'D631VR8G0H?


$B[/Q!@+3<[X6X3U7=SIM

MSX=*/B/XJ5?NY!X#ZVI17


M)Y78O
K*`(/&5.*8[WF/]!Q2I

S43TCH.4FI_!;N6RA]U

M(:M5)?I8Q?I+4:T^U5GQ5#7%NGU1^HYWR59BU
R'S&U'[*;DXZY=U91?R^V/


M0C%





G'HY8LG@FST-L1?/+:Q(63=(G

3JVC%F1)+T4U-8KDS

/-I3
(P0C'E5T$&AC9R
M)/^M(Z\EEQ`K/3E*C?22QW2=Y3TL3^S.=Y&UK29W!IZVD\=;Z-FP-3'VS8
M)#FA**.4$M]/$(1TG#P!4:Q\PTPC:\I;[6*3D!_@-!39/






`QQ)`_-!MGU=*@7OJ(N?4E7+:%75MFSPA=;GT
MV5.7:[1*795T?5CJ*@5I3%UU2UU0E]SSVV#4@RFB!$?I`BB+`HH=F@)\IP

MVU5*Y)`]AVRH$7M
Q.9


L


AACC*`C]'R
^2

M
[!2N;#
0/

MNJYF5RKGY


M/X.`/'-;I:4DS+?B\KXZ#\!]S93+E*OZ9SU):K5
R_B9E!FATFK)4
K%A\6_

MITV5FP96RJ%Q&A=MT.^L@4[X]ZX_)Q!G[NE

MT#IAT@ERV;!V)OBR$LK&_I5G!V1]9XW`.&6\



M;HG1G*28&T[:WF$04K#/D


S-5E56._=1FE:J5
MCEGUJTU2K#)P=W:L
HGE7589&Z0\Q+OA`\NAU;[#1V$6@1!#/T4HQ2&A298-






*7;Q.G@4;H'V=EE;V
MB[&Q]R^=]'^].'5E#%;BK]6
S9;$=J








M#P1Z\U@U&_)8*MH[\_^?/$)6O$_W)9U4Q7K18K2T(=Y'H,@1@`1$AS*#@A


MY6/5\!_Q2O:MWO;_R(MM7=4/NP4.(XPIABF+&8B@CR(6#BI]$%*Y-]0O)$X%




M5=MG0D*[
6T
Q7M8:T^R?T\\OTDAEG`0




[EW2[

(
AK'&06Q[[.0#UKB00H+F-3R(I?M.Z;+

NE:I!F%5/+4JF:R?;UJER)+9;'9U@YRWP4I8&A!!QVB4<V@`9E1XF*G^Q

MS`R^MHW%BX&!21^J^]?MY+$A*<


[;MK+$OL/M

M`I_!`$


O[;:5'FBJ;^A[HGN[ZB3;




LBUP

8YSV0'*9B




M97$D5.94NA'#NG%\4:\'UI\KDRUV*$\DGY98X5!




O;`J]*$)?*']\&7ZWJ0[%^V6`






MAAGR5)3CBBMM


JD]U5BQ9.=AS)5(\Q


DRR!C-(X:S)8


!
M(*%B\SM[J`RG
X






6=RF-
=WQV/RBGG16397`I0(%5\_L.
_
M1Q1\7@[XUBIL.H0_GK2O$WT^/D[4WX!-@C3((I#CYILAB%,!U;PAD1B@;B

=4B5#
M7U;ZEN!]&N_)



'C

D+X
Q63P4=5FM?]\OZ[WU

B)443XGIO#K8%3

M9@GV@H\7KD0)

B_M(^O!D_NJ+B!BU\;1_?))G6

ME$&#2^W





PKHY['07.G#/6ULVL



2CQ0Z?$?SOLUE[3OK=K


$I(




M_
^^?2HK^]XBO][V'WV^V91WG4W3$LX@]VF0)[X?H21
0TA!$
_9S0.&E2
M!9&%34

M1X[@
^'$L

9SK#XW0L=
MK5JY-S$
;5OX.00(412%,&<!D

_!R


D*ZA[^R^Y





M4+LW63JJA&1

&$8
0:3
`X)
M(R%(1O5

/;OE`G3U\-F[YJ2[T(X@`G!&6!Y1!&``2C@`PHXK7<65;-:R2
M`PZS-6OX.9:51QOTZE#'%S5J!J2S2^


1Q-JS/A)-,ZC&N_J
M9`$OJ<X.03EKQ$X6B)%DZF1!,Z!S/PO


M\SS!A]K





M([W9W9]VWE^-X=ZTHPP_/+&]??;K:/T0=?HT_LH;*;CP';.'*3O.%@I]CO4_
M9\.I:SQ=+I+L&&!WPGZ^+.L_EIM#





M(EP=7E[5





XB%-(DRG!.TKP'

&XRM\G%Y8+:EOI%





)_9=]&:Y6JQ-NF&E5POH3ZSTB@X;4'H=JNT.

M.


LPGFZB`$$UW6QAVB2A&*
I

YZ$PHAZ!'I%7
&%9TSLPXEC/YN4.O`*D
+
Z?+M4F!2\T_
8RVUXI^?QV[*L!LF+&<H8!GIC`?(!W;L
M-6,3\EHI%6#F:)RG#DY]*^0;Q_MNNWOWW!6%2<]JH%:-1G'RM(E$(I[-RW&
MFFG!?0]S+AD;HTY&U8Q0OS21



4R73!%:9CJ^K;

K_L1Y;E.R6$DHW\J.UFA&
MD6:5L8U]AK5&.H.V&_-JE01KT@




-E8S#
2YHD?819E+L

957JD=4O

(:*D


D:/

/BA.*S\)


MR`U(X/L99@%%+.Y

MR


_1R4<^VNKV*7A7&8^J*^8HR(

GTU'



4(P?B_O
/A15X*&38:-S[%^AS\T+%A@N4&C[-RQ/P
M#JK38AV67&K@+F%T25T9+!I+38+&7O:\^_M^5Z;1`+W*RY:C4.6!$'(4IP1
M@I#O9GU);X0S[$

!A


.F;:\A-OB`$F::7CE)FY%9F

MD9A1EA'/S5%





MOA_VVS
XC$%=B[4

M5F
LC6]?Z).[$)4RX\O;;0E3!
G?\3Q*83W:NWW@


O9JP-7

A%(A:B#JH87^SNJ1,@(G^\-RELO3/(\
MB;!'@R3,2)`$_9G?R'5#3Z[UGVFKD-=#J25@A\I9#V9:\\`HUA.7^;@%B8]

'4J2='0)FC

X&?


M`=`8ZNFIW'T^E'=_9MN_MIMBMZD^\;'
`Q_(T'7U4-L6UR;3)

KL?YV
K\




]CEG:F@QA'L'U3$Q:M[Z5^
82I8H?.&<K^S([-4G13BQDIP-J)\)AE?B-H9
M=:FT]X`:5#7^:C?;1K^65;4*LRCS6)HER$^C(<Q_Z(#$/
?F-
VF-U)%&Y;

8`4ZEG
M(XB=_=/I99FHL5F1=T()9X7

-=^15LT?YN&3-
MQ39
OGX*H@']=&8@7+'!SH#XJB;^T!$O:C




53-*U95F%:GC'*OYML?\6HO-'`Q(J1]K\

N8.Z6=YQ&H9K^M_U7NA6A6'^^%?O+9
M87.R\'B0N![`^:G'HHA/$(E/PPQC$K*X
Y^'2091-5

75M!ZLQQ7E.Q-ZQAQ#%C'DY[0!D?I`8

C*5)U)-
8!^'M&$.@:7327JP*7W
M?E\?BL_?UL_M(#C88H2FN&8S^T]PDU$J+
6T51J[UG3A&5)[.O



M[2%@$P5%(]

M*!


M$/?BVUT=G@T/3[FK?WKHPG.0#X_


MD
<RL




M\+?@0I+E#$?(SY*0N(0E-.D.**3
I:%TD9W)$%G.C?B7*/C;N_@7SS_)D*&*

9LNS
MTOJ#JIJ3/G-&SDH$V@+P2.$4.J&?H)HE*4Q893V$/)(^J


M9%*40;J7EJ-
NG8I21FG#YZE_O'R^./$^N

9^Y^23*$0Z2WGR*
MDT`I0VG:G#@[;3B\(O21J!1KH%):4*:]1)2S?#;7/1H9*ZD2[IB(IJ0?#-)
MZ%\B&_S3QN$)^

]37XM?MKGC/4V&U0J$;
M



M+VK$$^.1\K!^E!

M8KU_5^Q&VM-;#@=0LJ:
A):.W3@=3*?%Z;PJ(#R7SETA4$;\3
5@:8IHS*]+
M




M=%QJ$!E1-Q/!&.'`N9;0H

M@@F

M.W6``0%&7WO65(L+GV5A0J
HB)'/

B5Q9<^=

@N[`NQ
MN_$:J-X1ZU4[LD
D*K=FK41B1JIHV[/!9JU%\I3.[KZTWM8(S__










6L
QLG%.L5



'8I`SY0RX0K'_9K8K'
M_

01#2GV*_`X`B$*E3K9]J\Z[V`TD;U-C\O;+[]ZR5G.M







MZD/K_5E[Y5UO@=5R6`:FJFM]`#.9FJ[F_NNG.*X:AE%3SUVSI;Q&4X.[?9*(

M&KTZ_2B
MN=

S#;7.-#/-31O

MA'_&D]`4WBO
09

8
NXSGK;(4!``:+?@L0!H

M&%)`2)AUR+GX#UH/MUX?KN

\P$\3=


?
1:`
M2



+';B1SNC&19;UPNF^B:T.0;5;'O:Q
%5V;YFB=QW-K9-';H9;'F;

MZV/YE/D4J+[Y/
J&0UGO8

M;8\@Y7'U






M-S3.\C+4RAA'Y$Q4;JP7K]L7-DA15IJ?EYN=E+[;'=U43T6UJ2\_?FAOF4$\
MCC.1P\



M%
]$LBPY4[CXO7OA7MYQP#[+D4S;\_G+K(D`YS%@9!Q$
$0S_I=9.R.-.\

RD`^E]Z&#^)-D_=MI;J-=KLZO3.*R4MF,Q'[FT[ME;S71#W@CA
MQ*M5<1!2_2E?Y9MO<JO;(DHX!PEE2$X4D0)&G6[\0)#-*:\2:=9S5?RN4Z
M]Y8M,KF*VD(;K8XF!)OJHBMF;2IBA]'[I,#Q1$+XEC<M1Q!^VS%;XQ/%V5O



3BJL?L@
`Z




M@$X-:-.NX^+O9:.\.[C^U

5VY$O]CUB@^M]3?

MVW:0#VH4Y?Y+7C[2_%ZDQA$
*`^2-`BR-
!AE&:]T&=!HG47IAV+CA6U!M
\
M&'5?E&7QMPA*=2-O7!Y1P8_@5[]VGX;:

M0GT\]S.11
M.#13GMB@S$KY?JNH@'PFZ??BUV/W56R:$0.AG:40PPBF/`Y@E


S


M6/``J$M(91%
5Q;QEFP&SWV@B#

M3!@U4SA#8\[5[7C4_6FYF3R?&1'8:2-9'5FHVRL-^^,,LD.=CBL$``DQ3
MZ/,L30%B

Q.]6FL`^';G']]*#ZPY0['BZ'P/9.!ZOL.]_A
M
-MM#5:V






M`X]25?Y_J%&J[)31*-6C3'F4BME\G\LUD=N'MJ.WW-ZU#\P?CR
E29@`[D
_






MWX)LKJ;N;N

3UAFA





EDIML#0Z7
D-&6C&PU=8F12VJ[4W
WHBV97NN






MA



MXA81$)!496(
:[*QK%'%-21:X
!:#'C`R&D=KT+288U+?@54@WDHQW522K
M+^SIW=M#BQW+;O.FP=KZF8ARJW1]_*_1O6B?NB*NYQ

MQ@YK&


MOQ=['T*B)K5F
!A7W2[%5&7W#-SL4O'_(LP]7&?5B?!K[57]#M*
E^24]OSN

M+!D41I'M1SA((AM&R(+00?LE`SN6G$J;&GT&?6YG_4.-NA;GW5X37@7(A[CX
MERP']_Q/=^5`GYUY//3^`=:Y7:.JS:U/&KC@ZJ8GTWK2/(\CY
_&SNT0O9.S






B)

A
V



M$1)YH8\IMJ/`33P.7=($*V2JF($0#&5XD:(RAKD&(?^*-%=Y0).53#'L[I

SB)_CM$E]]5JIJ
.




VHJP0V'R,DCK&IHM&NIR`


M\?1







MJQ4

M25YEU?-E?E/L[NL31_2MK$^I5]#G`UE.@)P$8]]V4!CZ08Q\Y$:V$P7O!3*3

M3\GD$DZS)[6G

M:
)6]G$/OR'
MXY#G%`-OZ

M.XIA-P!!KB
K$&I/-:P
D^P##L='R%
+


MJ`%



46;[E=L\/893(RH+20PWKP3ZE+\`HZ(`:

M@#%.-$^3ANF88


M*'*\3:XI/3*D5$6'O

K21P
M72?F/W6CVG$0*A90C!EJIFJ*&B*H
5Z`!B7HP50OKAA%K^Q1QVS
:IU\Z)
Z
M717&`$'#)1E3

UW1:IZ+]AD2A!@1-2BF.4

M%J
56N!?28

MV0=-822=31TWRCP*(=#]^EW``QT^T`!4U@MM.F6U8PXFM71$A\3)5.4$*X
*
M
Y;)Q:C-:$->*
78(]S\5!X&.$I&H#SH/
\+I`
M[OB?ZCZDO6L







M)'


K
MZ1\/22V'JU7U%Y_)TJK.JNWUYG:[ZF%\*6Z*\GM^O2IVNW
6H4LRG$:Q'T$:



6
M;TXE0HAC-R0P#6B4!`G
`O:'[G26E[J1U
$GHT`
2QT=CC0=8)?4-[.!$-
_


ME5+YL/Q(6JK@G8J8JI(HK*;?UN6F6+9CT69W%+0]#7=Y^^VJNWWJ^5&YC\7#


H
M_A?RGRU[O5OQE[J=S8BDD']




M&/H8HMX.Q#$233]*/VXXR7!




M
0I`Z`YML#03.A8^RH#Q/+3#Y0S`U`1/E3^1U#(!=;(I9&;69-+!!.RIRG[/


LI


0A2[(4`XI:Q
!BD.0T3W+7(7RRCD&#N&!;'%XGBJ:CB*03'Q







MK)R6
$.$R.G2MT_OOY+


.W2S
MLF^C6%*5M5V

E%
^&7:
M@&G38\$6G],]1MT%JCWHW3]\?:-JU]Z6J5-,A.1\O3=S-.34[,<-A'@Y.7-`
MU(K-76!60V#*?6Z?UCN`Y
+!D:D'I5GZTBU:I!VVI9D]Y5DZQ=Z0GZ2=OH
MZ6/^OU6-5VPMPK_+9A$AA#(74\]U(Q'+





M-=`IU.GI/^.QZSO[T

P'Y(E







7;NJR-\W

MYY4:Z]TXI1`!

X#_+\Y=OW^R&]IH


\#\*T8]9(=A







P2&5%%7VE9-A)]R(_YS7VY+NJG08R8
'7CA:*^JFXW?^5U








F6UY
7(ZV/A(@(X

MPQ[RJ0]ZJRAP@=S9[I'&9!Y

/

2W1,DS.5B14H,:]MO_/],:__+'C+_6K[R(6RTT@O@0DF-.2K(-^`C*4

+O4X46E=?7(7M2R9#77IFR8

G/<,
MV+J]#?-S7=W5^8.J7F3*2944_`H)U$'B/K[O6?2I2/<G-H_-9)-2[1HM!LO
M]TEIH45BB

M-=/
M@'07&[NB_KK?;Z^?.0_T7RJUM^9HA;++]5J1:N:_T^+
$78A1%*
281





M566C.W=6-1%6R[-JY_(_

M`L3EHP!I-KO)Q)5X
K65#UW8C6UJVHT7:$_\_OJ5N+E]ZY9``MGY
DGLGM9Y

M

MXFNR;TP_35Q4$^T![UX[1Q.SV**:7.I





8I@
`88)-*5
M41V7]C+E^Y
C[%HWM(/(P=+?N&28*J(8(U-*%*5!::]/

IUAR8UU:GOKNZ](]+`V]W8\'4DW

.\'Z6]$7[

VL27DKS1C6A6N1Y7+EU$C:=-3
IF84Q.O09(!JG5
M:S0=$*C)S!JB2=/C*!1W.=E[H\KB-BOK^U/6RVJF?US[FHN3G[8?6-BW4(*L

M#%=5]KP^ABDT(V0!R/'B[T@@N&@TM!KIQ**FQ8_\MH'=9&(-O=+`^800M:

00W=016:&]/TM?I\SJV5WV




LH_;.F-=M_Z:UMGG?)O?[&Y6KA=Z`:;0

$/7T!MFR^UY=%'FL8FCQ8Q21PR3
M%02]F,FV^(PS6=%<FV*R&M+\!DSV6.=YHR;;AK6HR4KVIU_&9&5YF=UD1R5N
M&9/E,[$7=;9.\KM\G6W7'/_*QR3RH15CY#MA:&'7CDD+W+%B&_GKJ/0:K;5




34#RVYP:#JQC5[3X^7'][;(P;[D$^X


M_.!HI+5Q'&F`JB=+UF5$Z1*CW:]Q,8A@9K$GBDJ-V(IU*C@!*)6JYMX\]M

M+3CY$FPTEZ*UUAPTCI
;608U54ZO$'2P1)I*JBDJ-#V09T6/&FJDU8@697:1


(D58;UX8RS7%%B*01AB&GNT0


M;!JB.I/#*-1V


*2!ZO4/KXG:Y54M3.IEN/&)-4L'%L&ZQE(P
24+4I5`D=Y/;7
M[CK=XBI/3U

W_%-?YMBC*
M;WR*

M&.=/ZC

2[F$G)&T8BJQ[1H(;



\N^9N:Q@1R_$=#6
)FJ)5

M'L+UP=-S9R%\M++-Q?5TK3L!`U;`P?)7G/=^O;SZ':!23@]5Y






M3:1KRE
8%U7=%9!EMB;;.J_O3UF/O4ZK[+3


M50]PY5DQ9JH?^6X8(0\C;/O#(@[&A$Z48!40-(OP?Q?YM@;






MPM!'FXYJ^C684(\$WQ2[;;VRDI`F480[T*'.BB,/*O'D]`DT.,XDB









#=W_;#!+U%/+-@2W!Y0)9U9
00\=426J&_0^O9T!ZGU?5I

GPX.:/`'STBF2-:QS$E?M:+


R=RBLM+P;X@&Y-Y
A;%B4N2A#N`=@ND1K.J6M5^[38GIQ(5C$*J14K:99A
M54Z?]S'^!VA1`@[3D')'F,,#M8_Z/!A2&D(K-#=A25*I#]V_$SL+Y<-B(@O


%#5C0H)4HM=0Q?KQ0781LR=55\WD6+W

M=Y&6)265XIDY:P:4#BKCZG0V`UE^SKM


(\KNH;K8?ZBZ=9&Y2[P7R3I4STUCUY3B;6(43RLU

4+3:Y/HLBS

M)SSIYM[[!_RK#*9$C/-&K.N2&VM$SL0K.:LR1`:(EZ-#[R
RLO\BH]WV3=
MR\N!8[LH0+:#(D@(]%$

MZ+!U1)UU=)][9!U@/Z/'?&/1C(HOJQN:V7$+[_-F6&1Y7AV]KRS@+Y`_`Y;X




M[.JJ3K?K]GC*



*!XL:$B9LITEV7G_<5G79;!<XXT:^8@-3WW'MT'.]$!$;!<1UO-`.:`)M
M%T52
YICOE^S67V[N
[6NTTS?FIV%Y]8-]Q`SA0\(T`C\:L*(GE4WB4\Q:
M=%

9EML[KS_]/W;4M


M10




MB077I2T)ZEB)N6ENR`1_2FBZN:`A@ZJK)*[)TUW6

KA:
H7(F

TQXC6M0+Z'RWD]<IGQ79


XD*.\
RH
M7SKT@\C7RVI
##C6G`:+VFE(-T/S&YP


MER8:/.U+=D6'$U3BLZN.0$.
*0]*5FB?20=TX=G@T&61/.7.^KDJ5YS?UTRX



*R2KE]^,B7-:^_)OTA[RPC_^3Z,9PY#`!)+4(XF7XR1GAW)EEA(=%1QG
MR;'V230B.^0M()$EWLNC(3UBL&D@:PK@2&K59&\Z5O7$[H`+M,!N@(0&.FPW
M0*;6.$&F1K0-3L

M`DY[32A*\CAA'D-43+*#V`O0T3Y)XDQOSFO-K/

MVCJ(905.

GFR%-.E
MD`&&

+-KEWXE*:E$Y()EN


D5;K0VJK!J^NAX=6&

-U*3]EU!`79^T]
^(
&7U.YAD9967^V^[]7[3
M)Z7=E6K4#^(\)HR&V&







M%QP*%@@17V^WNAL


6)`H2+X]QF!&8
XBA




MI5'Q;U6*HK]PN4Z5[U^B;VH[952NTZ-
?3EY^5=99?MZ5S[RJF[.W!Y%?&
MC+$T\3
889^D8081BJB/`JV7`PR^WO5BL$0$#I#


U%6DVN

8R=VP]$Q'FY[L=)C`*:B)B5-_



M3Z`%

*
()PC'.8X

MX




MO8TH8VU-)7`?MN)?;YM
V3A3


MV6VB%63L2MPJB=GA_M+^[K9C'1-C;P!?;/,_DQTSK97I=,F:ZA[9W/=2QC
MB&:!CS!AE-`(



W






LB;+(ZY&S((]5*Y
\+9__5<I




O


T]CQ$_SCS?
M8\C+J1PD&8Q3SP\BK5M?;-MV/

M

36.L.





_E;7JW65QM4^BT@&T(X*3C8VM\4]\*6M$
M]V1WR-M?X`E2G$0Q@MB/?))G*

ZSXQ?5%F.I=1^08=&=
M520

M[L!:ANY9.W0JYZ'&L/C&.#E98&9P=FD:/\N)6[SY%LCUFJ]VM^N3/2B_;\MO




L6'2_?-[=M`0ZM.T2^3]X^5`M



A5N)
MH7-YP*:OK\QQ6R18[SQO_9XT!]-

M*209[N&`0/?N&;
8+(\CG?+]`^O]$X.B1V!'[
.5^3@5$5]/EBHJ_EY\*Q






MC?CZCB?W
YMN9
VF0NOMZ\?-G?:I&9]L)PJ?8G:NIVZ$'7Q3\2Z[VB^RA

MQB`
:0P@3+
L)CDA

$I2P




%`7Z;'E






C:B]NE#E86L-JEY?IK/+

.Y2-
M$LU)V=)33SNLC5-0%?949;3W5T)*U;EQ3$XU'+@@J;I42
GJ^_6#N'GV8\&;
KZKI[WK.KG]Q[*;8UP

M\4N-(^(GMX
S]BC-

MW7
71`
Z26IM2S1;Q]@+H%X%XT0@C=4N_]81_7I*MR5(5%+6&YEC-91]?R]4
M3Q


M7_CO=;5($(AS*)Z]8)1E:00SC#N;$8OR!2\C;TK9+#;*E(H0':.2UJ
C;3G`

/XECID+6N$<MB=3(F.0Q6ZG'(^2'*JW689+EU&L2?M6$
M2Y
C&75$J<;[\?RXM!EB1NE37CXLU]M%3%.?0C^D($8)R$.
M2=Y9I#!5NOM^A!G+&G6I(S7H3B1+)WZ6F2!23-J]J)D^E1@T11D11Y=5B3
M5#V144M<C3F5*I^0NA]?W(%

MH:C?V(*0WWQEF:IX+2

U1)S5*-H=@1S3+DS
5YJO$4C9H-KMYRJ13W
MFWXJ5N77[?K_BMMWV_K%!%(^?-L5]\6VJO^@?C+A[JY8B;__6.Z$T'XH]@L4


M)SGQKG^@I/[]*Z_WTVL=O?(^*#\#



?6^]

P82'`
?^P%C
M6=BK!X:IVKX&
S:M;W`X&C'R7MN_H+GCJ&?KLE+4#?16L]0[TE$-.W7A*4Z3
ME*ENA#@C,_L9PFA*`H2/XRB%!


M5YB
&%2J@]4?9SKMIS6DXUW
VO

M%N



XI8?^A6VK8P])71/4H_!BJ


<C

M&Y;1



M/_O;&H8`T3@-_#C!F+$`
5YR=H8#!!+9&PC-6+

M:1Z.U63*:7KE[\&;GF:]B^Z

_E


0CK\+RSI$Z[O7FL



XYA0XN

9:`;'1VX?


M[WI2(^PJRO9$Q*H)LAZG=A7W

MFK

M


/ZI^^3A`.)$QG
M1-O_^.NZV/$ON']Z7WSG_(JJ$R,01V'B8T*C/(YSEJ=Q9YU_I+@CP9!1ZTMU
M:D=OKKQ\7:TVI?B\N2)Y]B';`+MRHS83X7&MQORZO+8S1QIXPJ9ESBZ:BI'

M%J0M3!;[$%HX]6P

CU1V931GO.


6Z(9KDT
`_#

AX&!R160N.G3FK;H
Z:6E\O[XK/A?[

LR'(B[NQ`
(MBPDB'!22`J*BD





Q9_6
T

5^N_G7]



M

U3+96?G77TYMO#DS8UPT#OV\*KYI/(.3GJ/PDNO=M-K_/1J1Z^\



M]C$&3LGV:-9







MC9BS`ITK]&TYSOE#G[!?9PA].EUJ3NAKK/Q90M\+ETT5^F1[RL\8^J2YT!GZ
MQCEHGM#WYY9/U%[=7&WKJLXVJWQSV_Y^M8A9G6I'+&+[)(P0H(0[];?'-\7
M?`#4%-0B^BGU=&@'!!1[;+VSAD+QSAZAK`XD8?-B9MP3R9.CY^^:)CF-^
MM#SNR:DIX*^]#/&4!6TZ`RGRMPF%EF_*8+_&O;?-+^]J^D*L;B2W=+/E)\1
M8C_N;W3;9NMK6MX[R=QH!7ZL1
4XWB4.R`HE(N\96#5/9.[A_Y:U




F]1Q=VLR8O2#C#OND7W$W[M93\Y



9YP6T&C5/)'9^'4+G?UHABD`0SJ0.8'_C7#_CUFWD.\

!)H&UR
M0B)HBB%9B+GK$LK[CHE)B

G.^(_
*V2YFC69&.5@




)9<TCO

4)</5W`(VTGD^QX.&9XTL7T213TX%\:6G.KJ


P%TONN-`#?%

M


<5#



]%=


MCV1/1V*F]9_HF0WM-'+H2TX[Z2:=(4BJH=O72HZWP8],3+'JFX

#QH
M0X3]T'

MO

OUB!W4`
MD9\@B./`3@+/\0([ZH[:6#-0LDCT.K:UYS'[HY&7-T`M%M<Y1GMG\7FM_TG

'U


@EJ^`Z=;J(EJ\&W_M%9
MKF-/-L%XY$TH\/R!0TBJG_4:V?6*:/,'-7<=R:8@HCC:C4-O%U$@0JSG*
MYE;&=E

=:UYQ@A1ML\)CZH(7QL=

)-]`K3%6C,:F/6@<(-09&,8[24.$F,8[DX6*`W/`#V8/:`T!Q:9




]//

M1_+)=K/J6W
)4S7+APZT8!1Y!*?8[UMSTPB)J(UD$[KGV#BJ_@Z

A2





MBUUDV[YE8=_I
001%GH80&G#TP_F%JQ@_:B6[&%5Y6P\BZ5X;\_7MU`/\Y
#
MM+
KZ7$BA414@3^

MZ7VU(


%/#18




`\A@CQGTH$5?CE7$^NG`
/=
M@NO'I\D%7V=\YW40=R=F-!23;\@$AVJK7C[.JH,TD?V$MSIBC\$2S=5$XI1





%$8]M&R._1Q!$:DRVK@J!?O3V]ZCV8:RVBK8/F:;2:
LQ6)V*E!C
M6)UZC%A`V=A(QPA.PQZ)#$2CW/@6D/A\0^UBS'@S#H5V-?OQH/8UN;&LG

99B@5R[(S\Y8AH7,5##




FQ+KB23!X2E6)7GSY-G&X:!]BZMLG3=Q6E7OF[+Z


\HFP

-)?(A




JD:5



.AX%0B.[@+
``&%/$'R:1]`1WHB:Z$8&?U@H9J#-%


@)HU/'E;T=T-5+0?]V!!E6U3VEO4E-W=B_]X
MI
C!Z@BZK)R/$EI!P9];5!6D!/IY^(^]4XN/-W2DQ=!C1GZA=6T?]P\_1KV;




M+;^GA(0?\U3\3)ZZ[*:(7LI=T2P-_LN0IYC63*('0#=\#AX8#KPA3EQG5/







M`:'C

Q;V:

'8NO7M:)1'OU?$+06Z'H\(V@X\PQT:?C
M.H(QHHY'UV(U&QW?(U6LX[SA^XEUG-M5!3HN1J^LCC\\I\U_RMUV??/RFJZ:

ML(+O%S(6[0@Z^&V4R(5`:Q&S*4#(Z7C8\9$D81WL6E!@PXU&&W/_CE8FS&


)I_];&BB);!]:;H#L



9^%#BF:5NFYX:N9]N1

M
C`Q
C$Q


MS'C7B;UV
G/WB45+L
T=B?22E!/OKU^`$F79D262(FE%N355$TM-[L/#AL-
M$&C^^O=OT\G1@\[R.$T^O`/OG7='.AFEXSBY_?#NR]4QN^*GI^_^_N__^B^_
M_MOQ\3^R[
CD8YF4YT41SS34:''1U_CXN[H3WVMXHD1RX^/%ZV/YG^9+_^Z

M6]A/QU6S8_O5










)K:'3<O%LE%-

&L;*&I+]V7J1

R[NY


X1]





L4'PS+1:


ME)D_MWF_2C^6C8[L2=SLPSOP[LC\
F!?$6TU2X+'E<^E?.-#8`T515CWG8E]#Q
M%&'FMA#0\RM$
'70SQLL:G
E';0+5L)&?X2LIKA7(YU$)F=EW^)\$^O6M0\)
MPQ0#HGQ&?

G`



MM_19*=1V.64/1\&A8M&.$+\1K7B:%XO`:;I
EN^)N9AEH[LHUV9./VK(LZWJ


M_)3:RE:%P7ZRDM]TDPBL51TBJ+')



M-RQO8&D#+:%0W











MTEQ??3!HL;GO8DK-HG/KY







M7V#&$.8^49B)R@]
2=L5X'WD3C?]N?'133
TZ[
BUZ/WM^G#2?E*Y^QQ3HK%

#I_7K4?9Q


<N0NCX1P%.$.X%+`Q0$7@642]W6K][8WZ2BHZY]R9N=8!WD


'0#)'SA

MHXPM?/
ZKU&=M]

Z3*@#M(+GVAHG55USVD4:==NVV1O1&L0U#D


&

M4P%T?$]BF^/[@DJ*@%A&U(`Y;://_B;

(LX5
MCRM):]^I=
/XGHDSZI7-.^&+SU@@-KM(%1^R)T?9Y/X<$XNN[^AN:-^=%H23*






5(RMT\A+^F


O];^VNOG-W::T6/S3





M
X!1=[0C/;A\\V=+ZLXEG*V^%1O:Q?WB<CHT3TX(;`'A`@N<306J0P
MI%0Y+Q51QS.ZC3SSHQD^7C0



M_@%`XF`\2`UEDEGM(8*[TU3*S)H4@6^KY



$\S$
MH

AN;4LOY8)ZE@

M/3C1IWOPV

M.CEPC.(6/
V)OZ9D%L

Z1

.*C(;C?E1*8&Q$SPRB'/
MN34$RIG/K'Z'5<8(8&@)PP0R)RA3'6.+<=8JM5U^F7#59U2)\*:)]1[?\*_

M6
NXS@!@Q#
/L.ND855JVL!)WF&





$

M='(AZBFSYD3!]DX?=AJ467R@9Z8/(YH*;YD3A#


2I]O;3UXU_KN\?%ZW0S/2*]3_E.

FLRGV?)FN8%FOKE
_E0L




BXU!P8;6!379X2:QVPQW/`CN06*=;-4#\MZ^]EQ%7__)]5
M

M+:K*Y
#+1<EE$+<(6VS^?H6-FW\KU;-'#I.[_D4`8@T[IB:+IS;:@QH
MSA:


[:P2WZ`/L&(G8MN

MY]:DNEXFN/-EO'


9:!*!J5<6
M'\?R&(.H^%_008^)9\:QO(X\+'@%9(




`YMDUY5.MNX22T'#K6S$]RGWJ.E1C!?

M+O66M7_8\'5S;!#4I^7A&




'#S#N
ME

.EW&TD`C


Y67W;4LQ5XQH.%R38:4!?)`OA]MGE97
0[HVAW]/:
MMWH$+3RVF-7-2_L=2:&VL
%DIZ8\_^QEG?DW0QNIS\;VH'HO##T[V6@8G
M,7,80`!8P[R!5MYV-!\F$PP0N]LR6ZGPCF+2S[/7U*FY)O]3U?/5GO3CD
MU=YK&:1P7D7[SQDC-.+$04+:N4!A4BNW3/#F;6A6G(=DEKQ`33SKIV5]./_*
GW21^.
X


QU)(\DSLIPHV
M66K5#IM4\&A+^^L7*++8W12O`NLBI?`X1FX5T
B7#T!F(I&0@%BNF/-2T^K-
M-0C3:[0.T&)L6+O[QU#7P-K)268U0#

MM$8*[-Y1@0@DOZPT9-K45.PQ?EP)92=)


!D

[)P$#U5G6^(W1J2V$._*=QO/9*F`W
M+3/%-BDREWA/1YME!
=)I##B%F.`H





Q@[%OXQ`C')B(!5A4
DJ&W_88Z.RJTIN7]
M%2H=Y&YVK'VA`S#3]23LMN_GBU*9J\V377&=_C0_O&?W.6:^`4!?JT`()XX
MI[V'V)I=-3%D


.3*[U9E1%5JU&&0KUUUQK(6
MD._L4NH!D
J$^ODB+QYG9ATT.AM__[08S98!KZCUV:3\K^F&`Y/_76\2[2MH


MO5G2-_%K


MUIGUAK%B,%&4$`%AT'2*G4'(PM2J]L-\EV=KAC5/.Z=).7M0@'Q?C)I(@J
M'4W?CXK)[S
S^EH$LZ4\'T(T$VB'1
@%+O'_(`W;)8Y1_SQ7
QSC?&Y8=\



M;Y?G3W?#WQ:U
!PNGEMW:_2244*$58();8Q3'FIJ=AL6U
G9KY=75ONYF9BB
MA--$/%B



MS;/@TV(43\H^?G]ZF$^/J/_--QF-IW)8(V00E


MCC0V


JNU
;%2-67(.B4`




;+A3Y5L



`!=`&6+1:4PI]CYE]
B'EW





UOVP(LVP(KN]+N9=9D+C4RU;W6QC-8C2UQ7*\
M7F[*J+Z/A8_*QV'+:DCOYT'%NY%N1[^\8$N\MNL
:\T)!\Q)2ARDAANT5:3
M2+SAU_M(':1#%'HZ7RYOFQ)2NTRHP!R:1362B***!3&L0HAPV!GMG07VV=W

MR$J?NO0-





M]=KHAX5[Z='E='IU*EF+D6?ZRCBFQ%%*H0-(6$],Y4U*8!-K^9R^R\BA]G




M]13U\^1L(`\@X$!@J[`




M^G:0=K7[R)S'B`


`4QJXMR*W^=]!WW

M9^=\
8^317M(H5BF&DI(*]F)]O=]%G
EW=K!N`M^G3
WZG$MH;=
FR`_T=C&






M(Z?QRR3&)-7W&.`+YKV3MD6]]
/@

M
BY@
$L





(

9%Q^ZO5&6S/I
M*GK]Z$-;-L%`2_Y+G6BVJ+_40J$M,`E<4P\0A)K+^HP`U706_W:X;6B[='D
M\/K=@BD&C/@L_B@WV_7R8IG)Q'V-%
0XHI$





%
$

=NZ`QHJ4





MH
8%AO:V4@3*P6%AK







%!@IH9F0DF!DDY;9



\I+KHUB%4+2X=Z*FHW\
MAE=[1.W(



POKTK5_J=5-9

I42
MK&*&7$6A/15_X3+3V1_%NQKT_Y'LT'\3X8=6@$_M25@V?+&:T5VF`006@`


I(_$G1



8




YS
'0]W5IV::8!M


Z8

)CZQ'S


MX`1U2$V;;0WMGRE^;H;Q6[KID0ZF!`&F.+6





M5

M?6T


LAXI.E/
]2^5TT_3C&L`3FP$H(A4E$95*2U((Y2


H\

MHA-H
WBQ2^?ZD


DX@QHA9.5TU`H=




H$%I8:9I%$#FD)]8['!IH;

Y3J90W0)RVC+A@K`BJCKB2D+O''.$QQG!\RL-Z



A8-






;I

&=




SOZ6+-R@4
Y8A


!_!



OBWSZY_]#
\$G]5=_
DGJN4

R3N(5]T
?







MG?1

'?ZQF\^MJ74\KCY!M
M!@R&((

9]LP


)$;@PCWJIZME-.N=7U9/Z.$&#F?8:*NNX
MIJJ9']8@V]-V%NSK4_ZMJWIV0_PM5?6DQBNDC55(0*HY]?&D5B.C;':)BS/A
M8D=V]%/5LQODTZKJF=K%0NV0I]P09A@#HH$ZGLHFU'R?[J=!N,2_/HX6UY5
M!PRYYID`E(M```I



!P=`H2.$-YI0

;P]][ME[



MD/Z7Y64[^;]\
$BJXGC$
(\Y)\35`NBGB'W$S@*EV?`T3`/XW#8T2[D_-A
M5X/M.%W#*'70
0P@M(#:FOOQ(.ERSTSGT2)C4#?8\=+X'5']:_0N]Y010CEE
MPCNA/8FKNL9/
)N=_SVF8-03

!6JKY7K[?]XMYW?5


M6%TLYH_/IQC?NHCY^]7RZG








KS?4F*`$MPR3#2DH((
M$/+8ULAX(W-CJ<[B-N58)A:!?%J)`9QC+K'5PB$`1=2I9+9#W/'1.0V-CL/

M07

MO








M+LJGGX-9?KT)?^'F3]&#RWD\5M4^LH.Y?SW_4D#28(
M\U13XFC*T)$UEAQ@




@B023!H4P29&-EA;DNUK[IQS

[MY

MC
UG%W7'6)R[APG$1]

M[:9+][\8O/(0.0*4M]1QQ33@MKDS\SXW-5[^WM=?OQWJ42##9D0-V
UEG)E-
MWAMO%4

GS[^7*Y!R^F6QG$4M.[MYMXR(W`^7P?UD&SQ]R4


VR@
MRG!`G9+8

BO[
MUK&&F





MI8A'\RF2YAAAO\J@H[$MP:!M3:Z'.^Q-?8AJTY9JQRM!8RUMQ`HIR17AWG+1


$#MU'PX%ML






]#(O^L]FF25N\'A97G+AKJAC)'B
$(



Q

(JT^13ILX]??/_:FTS]V#9;\X.TCE4[]$4$@HZ#F

M%D%%08U

MS?PT-Y


MA%3J0;8[:K\=B^BYAB[3:-DPR;VD7+GD[`:U+,4\5@T12_-66V3F9(ZUZAH
M9BR\?POH7=4$



MT#7;._&YU_/G%CR=JV7Z!+?

M=$*EZ
M=\HJV3=`D$!C8R6.:X




M3;=^@BR[R?#\@BP-



K.'
MJ+OR\WU9[EP




MH#[!S2B7
50C
#!!$HB\)Y;B^(\1KP8I!94;AIKT04T/K!@`V^ZDZ-@C4&-$



TW0YNE3-6-0\.
RR3Q[@
?ETV)S


UIRWK@G^IU8L!P#Z9/?6CJ3

V]



M)ZDG^O:2\3:(V

*?R_)8900))7RUF-B

!\E

EUZO9
?\9K[X<G6WRRE)]RW6N__JZ%;7YZ\IL1<B(QC8K1W#`I


M3I!@IR'$@9..;V,P:]/*3/KR9:/U



M7S3CP-OGBN`Q!^40D9;']9!2(E`EA[?9

MXT`'64E)L

MM16:*O:7N%A'1

M#ZU24E^O9*4Z
HIB;KBSSAN%M:K-
^)EK@?;^A+W.1HNN2@V9\:ZO/F7+\L_


MIB&C=?0X%S*-@_-EU?A@8*P67!)N+

MH7:QF=_

/

L7\[



+LI]X9*C[U2&`26
M(L\Y$@PQD6H3J4HZBDGVR1VZ5/+TC&C&PA)_SVHS_[\MY



?L&T01O)_9/APY(GNJ:XOJW








M@^MD5$_%_#SAS3;S_=EN?FWU?+I:]P+FUWZ1!%:EUDF5!2@N&8^NJZ0W




M.(RQAPV#]D28=G2G:SQ&H:ST'G0P@#FW

QHCWCLC`?
]
'0-@&

OJ7`!K)$T8E:)


5/@B#!'
0/Q+#XNP(-K6O
)?9PORKU$O_X6I_7C:K&_LW/^8`589!V3U%HG
M..$

:&Z%

FEXA

M^?A8KK9Y#;.OA[-3?WZR0.`E%EY!7#.]5Q@%7LMBO?C+7%C+T.[[+-5.R([!


4GH
M=\UO&O9


^H1CAJ



B0T5X
M2Z/OD$F52;7L/`59\O`=FS.-&AGM?J%PW`3)$6)5&
$W5

MYRFHDXWQ6*9.GM=^S'/$V`?LJ(_8Z8M%=R'6E:$LNNP_@4#S_U/;X%/7RW

TY9^^R@%205VC%FG#
\


8AI1WE.M5%K`13/+^N

09IH'?=CH;Q!0;H*
MF0A5;BQB8K<KIT+%#,@G2<:4BM<G%]-X!1`<`N)@//(!!^F9-A4NB+`+R!?
M$!4S$)\F$Z-1URL3XWA%$$J2:!`R%X+%0ADFZB\4$



QPH1E1DZM0#A



1AR!)DB5(
M2;DD*`FX7Z



MM21M\D0'KQSB`07.




J:]?3/BV+C#73@3+!FZYCF

I&)2;.V-`7HYMTZ8[=/OVA:B^?$?\]6JY&LW&D]EC
Q:(?C*!0



Y-
C;-A7J.ATPW&_?/KXVR]+
;[Q/AN])0FRFJ:K
VQH[U$`808


3+^5V[W29@:S^(GAA!)/&24)I]AQ*2ML
M),^.AAF0-=(B/X[;(YT@?@%#]X0<;TJ?Z_)TZVBYRLPN8YD:77.E$3BC!'%`
M[%X7`?O<-6=`E_U#X6,VZ(.D9!DBT#HI]YU&[Y7BS`KOB$58*'<5`@1)'(/

MQ:(8E3FF6B/EMRXC*(I0
-Y3KY%#AAI$]NCXT\F5AN_G
!1.9H-^V2..C8O_

Q:R





MA!2
M;R\R]CN

M@=*1!4DH\R'MY#1691=1&PZ#6M/T2^:TB&LO_-E^WNF

M;I`&ILYL$4WD*&]97V^9,D9:.;DG9O/ENO/Q6+WVN,9YUY[-B(9`K5$8V\L
M`@HH:/;M$_D-68N9JIFWBV&DM_


W

M1/\
?1Y@1CZ.?7*C!B&B1I1K;[!``7-N)&`EJJ_77/66J_BI6$SFXV2W+5:]


M6GEFA7%CIZ=##NP5+3;?





RE!5A_FA;\AOXZ^-'\F

^BU_6<R7

C0Z8

M@BP7E#)BK:W0P(;F7I



!#L@&A@8


ITYSS3QS.E22
MDI!=9&1`2T+K.O_A_*

M7;S#`97LC]BVN]GENV*1=#1+O_@P#W^-/J?=3?GX^V*U7LR6];(A=/WJR(DC


:\7J5?W4T^


@NTXC9HB


M2_CO.OWWK\7JTSS]SY?B=+[F'K\B:D&`$41$T(Y9C%259R'IP!&9Z\_?_+JC

DU2JZ%0LWT78=!V=CVDO$CS;F+T;0J)'HR



GU^)0HTQMT.1




G]:R7#P&L^
M_C:V1?'O8K1X.RL^?%K
UX^?8/+E4+VE]EX0/2IS;%`
S'KM(%E%2E=@\(!R

MN2I0O

S_






=Z%TCR+$6*F8T_SM;+]6CZ
M;C'_


M9W:`_E`9:N[O%^OB6`[L


OI3RO1^M


6B'=Z1Q;F2G!G_^PM*(OW4@Q!?
MTFY5:C*Q21!]^J#1`!K=A\=!-_)NDT'[;%H&:[_K_1YY#[P9J&?6`:
@MY!3








;8Q,7H526`U58
M6J&J$C=4#S#
XXNR7@B[
.1\:

$MK4S.

?%\H?LR][*!Y
8)J3!WDG
B





M7PA
8HG7X5FEA47:&U^95F.X3-U].
/MVM8
3PJP@U#F?=JX)OQY_W:@1AFD
MXNS


!FM.K4+.

2^#5*[N=LBRULNWJ`D=._/''BQ.:#4P;*0!
M@#K
0/2T(N4IJ'`R4*2ZNF=XEGLT8XJAT.]CKGF69B.!SNZ*Q7/HBXU_+5?Y







EF43_Y*S)W3HSD@PE.EL1+*`R6!)\@[!(RD3C/
W$`;

O-$;88
B
J3`0-KT4SGD-[J.9D#X4W#NPU?\
MFLW*8*OKR6+U]&TQF2\GFXO)^NGE;]3?^;ZCK.,;:0TFEX#@YQ&4!AFE*X0
M

Z9$71$^Q]$\\6#Y/\HSBCW0\'!P063EB&H?1
2:1@+1&Q]H(J
M472AYCU

M3YT4U+.JPTHGUST?.2&::JOH!
T^#

\KIN_
MQU7S?%G

M':FYZ`/W/@S9]_DTC\O:_
!V-.`KB7S$?_]QC]O<_9ZF<Q?8:D]/\6RY_YGWLGN,9M!(0D
MY1#CZ)%:Z#30JI*?LA$JE
$U!<)(9ABJ0/3$ICK[HSPQ[]I'&Z7*ACYZ


8Y8A


X`(XJ
A0`[&@8DJC(SS%U6AKA/N'+5#UH4N

$H2*TG9E(K?)RI=1V&
MOZ?I9*P\_I*M-OM]';#X5=N!0ER&X5GKRV1'SE)LJMD0$Z)3[TN

B?P6#E\




MA0%%J:?1+I1Y0&O\H.6IB01&64AOK+1N0S-#1S\D);WK

M2(EB2
2ZMU%\D\VRVU4V_=?C9!'5



KVZVX_B@-5-AS
@FKDRF;YQ4G*B

'HKYNH\'8PO?/1L$DB+:U]@VL<![#@33E3Q6

JUF$W[L?BD0:QP4





YHEFD386^
M]49/`K

O



O238.(+L0PJ3!VO-.F
U_Y=-L/JU[

J=8!PPL;(R[V8



MNW*$N=C_8O!`
N;BA
$H-YBARW;(`\5HX='0#?2/A-R4PR[ZO8VXTIEJOE

UP`A'0F)_25%G+5'QK1\S3DWU$H;0
3@3.(/3:`:H$1@AB1C8&B535C'L*V#BOX.D;5U=RFCI

AYL=6`
P*FAK/,#'2&8^6)%WU-EI^'!;^1Q/A
MOV6+!WAH='3RT4!A4@:1IT%A.NA4#;V1LJ+U.7Z/





M=$05M=


YF-K:#`6&F


T?Y2K/Z=K;YFM\7]O

MY41QKZ


%V-VF1O]\!_
MBP^6%8


M_Q+NXV/CRKK*B5V.L_L1Q;)HFV]D4LO#CO?7OQA2

?5O@/U7TDQS+<E]\QWTO
[BL;OBN`?FUFQG4?CLSSI!Q4&F*H

DH].-056\I0@-8%.
M3X-`9'/:T9`D
ZZH]A][LTPKS8
Y/!GI?79







M+;)V

MHAA[LG4?SR`*[](_G$BO0$AA?'(V2M[+8'(KS=9.7GRN.C@X$8]NLWQ
\=!L





M@6QN\^71Q!7U!+AFQ#&(+;SGSA/


MZ%OY'LTB4F6-LMA@I9G'+BAORE



#2E:NW'IF:U68H54=[W&7D[%Q@V-H613'F653CFK
M4FFNP6N.5!*

M*FQP
FI92
M77'SKS05YO-;G[C=NO$M<-
]T1MCGV=LDSD2=37?EG$5#
'0=(@E&86`_QP


M+3=IF.IRK3C'H!Y'I;A;5X]'WXJ`D-46TX]-QY3)[FL)OYV1K2364!O?@0

4#@UGCKP`*OCB:M1%


0@E+`GO7PUH3



-:A]-




YBU(



M;:70.%F&U!*/F#;I[Y)F'5!VU[








7?J*J!!(
MQ!U'KHBUQ



Y7]UKJ
#IJ*PBF



MU&^9MIHB_.KVH*(W_[?;;`MJ_YAOWWQ\/_OG]-5LTU^+6GG':=I+I=$$&QX4


O_GX:IG6I/EF^RXQ-\P6ZZ+Z]/Q?\YM/I\+#KGIO
ME-XJSHUA2@%FA&&L;
DG;D.N\7?Y9?!#*(\1Q7T(HI

?-E




O=^

X\?CLA(



IO&0W-L+:+I:4L4;SY::KG#-Z3XZ(A#GDK`F:*


A\<ZV




#:-1(@



X#ZJQ2ML!U5QF;'O^'Z(-VH(Q&

5H.UG6')^L+G?]]9SL^[N?



ME1PT*[S0*RQ$L.X

2;]U^G^V9)U#2[\V_5XU5Z#_UCVG8)

W!EQ!LKH`S-B*^]ZA/WPA'/U_63:=J2P3_/(
@G12!\]R\5\ALV;T&D[OSG(QZX,`KU-]^D;Z,.O7GW<O
MDN6%_%VDJQ#+]%;1P0R0N$`BGF.@R=K#)@I3E:\
+8-!_FXM&NW*I*#6+U[
MJN[W

ML_V[GLW2`O]]





+QL;*?V3@BEC9W9G\Y8RPGZ2_=1<U!$2<%LQJY@`0B
ME#6H$.V+D_;^Y^C@DW%XBKKJ=JG26T[+31=1:Y=&;01V!&5=:))6+N4NKB2



;&@``5B\!`!``
M'`!M:V
M
C`Q
C$Q



$YA9\8@]YT;XZ5BU/OKX




+5FJ*\4C2G2.%J1%&9






M8`Y#^TC.B


MKZ-OK'Z'YH_PN%S



29-=
M%M@ED\-..A/7)CJ#L(X

M@Q3?&Z28O(`H.H7^OU'0P2#6@I'O=#:LT9-)X(;IT2CP79\RHS
+TD\_EUZZ

X2')+N-+E)@+*X3`$

;QVJ2!O/1H^$XSE1[[RQ+V`//AP=:I%!:=NE


M'2I&U:[

%B`)
AN4&W6XEG11W=&GA?+ER



M?Q00D.A
2
*@-L72SLY/W(2J]*OV=;\VE!E-CRE89*JHS)=G).IWXE9&?*Y
M_VK*,)R2J2#T9TS.J
69D)^(?YRI=(R][+#J2L'C4A1
Y(+H5[4A+0DR:Q0



9OL7C=DNE/BN&FK*
+
H=BZ9)[C?W$[K\!C
]
\Z
QWA





5

MA1&+I+JC
=07U[6?J..

4*GUA02A.&F



C31F)M)S1FZAC%/8
.^UEWTAUCM*]`T2T

6Y?S^K!9ED^GA


M


M9(-XU#!TXS)70VW(=;[7NL\%XAM\Z1*A3OSE$O




*::I-^VK8[:ND^#+_Q1L^Y4)&]5<R:N&09W?JF+


M#2
OIS.:3LQJD4N:5%*+N\D]BOH:I%XDD-07_/+2+^G

Z



7GC-0LS5L

MQ6U8L]757JRH'SN:*(#:L

GJKOO/
:HOLL$

R(C_U
M.2?

*'MU^XZZ\^[ST_

5T=

M
EC'DZ\.2H8S*!@1[$!0L)=
$*E
(JP/%H]







HOP!7




.062%N



M3_NGHU^)/2?P-8UG\/\;9K'P;0\9H?/%/REQ[!
WSX;^W?:S

E%6]F*VLG]

ML1

B`5I^)QW6:UI
M3UF
&IITH$-3U]=QR8<*E7#$1/Y;^HD2\QZ1\BVO2P-&7])4^;(P5D(.)Z-YIRH
M]@G;59OW8(_%E<OFD,1,V?4+3#F<1(^7!@QM^J;+11;I&EO2M!^!I=D%2ZV


B4*



M/9/D-]`




MCI-37:H`:5BE]=WANT-5H57AR[J(=0#Z9_J*J#^JRZX.X/6P^ZXNNSJ`[3OX

MOH?02T:B:[2O)UOQ)W:N


S$@
1G4*08O;0)O57/.]RE)




3(Q
3
P7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4`

M2A``%``8```````!````I(&R
0
`;6MC+3(P
3(Q
3
P7VQA8BYX;6Q55`4`


3(Q
3
P7W!R92YX;6Q55`4`


 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FinancingArrangementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_InvestmentsInAffiliatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SupplementalFinancialStatementDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_LandAndImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesBalancePrincipalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_PrepaidAllowancesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAndOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SalesAllowancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOtherThanLongtermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralDiscussionOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DefinedBenefitPlanDemographicAssumptionsChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherPlanAssumptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DefinedBenefitPlanTrendRateAssumptionChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DefinedBenefitPlanDiscountRateChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentDetailAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_SupplementalFinancialStatementDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_AccumulativeOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossUnrealizedGainLossOnForeignCurrencyTranslation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredGainLossOnDiscontinuationOfInterestRateFairValueHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_NumberOfStockBasedCompensationAwardTypes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExercisablePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentForeignCurrencyContractForeignCurrencyAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfForeignCurrencyDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumRemainingMaturityOfForeignCurrencyDerivatives1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_MaturityPeriodOfRemainingForeignCurrencyDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfInterestRateDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DebtInstrumentAnticipatedIssuanceNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnPriceRiskCashFlowDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_WeightedAverageFixedRateOnIssuanceOfNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_AmortizationPeriodInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DerivativeInstrumentBasisSpreadReductionOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DerivativeMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsInHedgesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MediumtermNotesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInterestRateFairValueHedgeIneffectiveness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12Months'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentOwnedAtCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationProfitLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_FinancingArrangementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_mkc_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationUnitedStatesTaxOnRemittedAndUnremittedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

