

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000063754-19-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190124
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MCCORMICK & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000063754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				520408290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14920
		FILM NUMBER:		19541046
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4107717301
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCCORMICK & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660620












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended November&#160;30
McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
24 Schilling Road
 Suite 1
 Hunt Valley
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Common Stock Non-Voting
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
If an emerging growth company
State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked prices of such common equity
The aggregate market value of the Voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at May&#160;31
 2018: $1
000
702
The aggregate market value of the Non-Voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates at May&#160;31
 2018: $12
249
033
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&#8217;s classes of common stock
9
545
December 31
122
602
December 31
McCormick&#8217;s March&#160;27
As used herein
 references to &#8220;McCormick
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221; are to McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries or
 as the context may require
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
McCormick is a global leader in flavor. The company manufactures
 markets and distributes spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry&#8211;retailers
 food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. We also are partners in a number of joint ventures that are involved in the manufacture and sale of flavorful products
 the most significant of which is McCormick de Mexico. Our major sales
 distribution and production facilities are located in North America
 Europe and China. Additional facilities are based in Australia
 India
 Central America
 Thailand and South Africa. McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
In August 2017
 we completed the acquisition of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Division (RB Foods) from Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. The purchase price was approximately $4.21 billion
 net of acquired cash of $24.3 million. The acquired market-leading brands of RB Foods include French&#8217;s
 Frank&#8217;s RedHot
 which are a natural strategic fit with our robust global branded flavor portfolio. We believe that these additions move us to a leading position in the attractive U.S. Condiments category and provide significant international growth opportunities for our consumer and flavor solutions segments. At the time of the acquisition
We operate in two business segments
 consumer and flavor solutions. Demand for flavor is growing globally
 and across both segments we have the customer base and product breadth to participate in all types of eating occasions. Our products deliver flavor when cooking at home
 dining out
 purchasing a quick service meal or enjoying a snack. We offer our customers and consumers a range of products to meet the increasing demand for certain product attributes such as organic
 reduced sodium
Consistent with market conditions in each segment
 our consumer segment has a higher overall profit margin than our flavor solutions segment. In 2018
 the consumer segment contributed approximately 61% of sales and 69% of operating income
For a discussion of our recent acquisition activity
From locations around the world
 our brands reach consumers in approximately 150 countries and territories. Our leading brands in the Americas include McCormick
 French&#8217;s
 Frank&#8217;s RedHot
 Lawry&#8217;s
 as well as brands such as Gourmet Garden
 Stubb's
. In the Europe
 Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region
 our major brands include the Ducros
 Schwartz
&#32;brands of spices
&#32;brand dessert items. In China
&#32;brands. In Australia
 we market our spices and seasonings under the McCormick brand
&#32;brand
 and packaged chilled herbs under the Gourmet Garden brand. In India
&#32;brand. Elsewhere in the Asia/Pacific region
Our customers span a variety of retailers that include grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores
 and e-commerce retailers served directly and indirectly through distributors or wholesalers. In addition to marketing our branded products to these customers
 we are also a leading supplier of private label items
Approximately half of our consumer segment sales are spices
 herbs and seasonings. For these products
 we are a category leader in our primary markets. There are numerous competitive brands of spices
 herbs and seasonings in the U.S. and additional brands in international markets. Some are owned by large food manufacturers
 while others are supplied by small privately-owned companies. In this competitive environment
and brand marketing
In our flavor solutions segment
 we provide a wide range of products to multinational food manufacturers and foodservice customers. The foodservice customers are supplied with branded
 packaged products both directly and indirectly through distributors. We supply food manufacturers and foodservice customers with customized flavor solutions
 and many of these customer relationships have been active for decades. Our range of flavor solutions remains one of the broadest in the industry and includes seasoning blends
 spices and herbs
 condiments
 coating systems and compound flavors. In addition to a broad range of flavor solutions
 our long-standing customer relationships are evidence of our effectiveness in building customer intimacy. Our customers benefit from our expertise in many areas
 including sensory testing
 culinary research
Our flavor solutions segment has a number of competitors. Some tend to specialize in a particular range of products and have a limited geographic reach. Other competitors include larger publicly held flavor companies that are more global in nature
The most significant raw materials used in our business are dairy products
 pepper
 vanilla
 garlic
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 rice and wheat flour. Pepper and other spices and herbs are generally sourced from countries other than the United States. Other raw materials
 like dairy products and onion
 are primarily sourced locally
 either within the United States or from our international locations. Because the raw materials are agricultural products
 they are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather
 growing and harvesting conditions
 market conditions
We respond to this volatility in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery
Our products are sold directly to customers and also through brokers
 wholesalers and distributors. In the consumer segment
 products are then sold to consumers under a number of brands through a variety of retail channels
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores
 and e-commerce. In the flavor solutions segment
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer segment customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for approximately 11% of consolidated sales in 2018
 2017 and 2016. Sales to one of our flavor solutions segment customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 accounted for approximately 10% of consolidated sales in 2018 and approximately 11% in both 2017 and 2016. In 2018
The dollar amount of backlog orders for our business is not material to an understanding of our business
Trademarks
We own a number of trademark registrations. Although in the aggregate these trademarks are material to our business
 the loss of any one of those trademarks
 with the exception of our &#8220;McCormick
&#8221; &#8220;French&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Frank&#8217;s RedHot
&#8221; &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Stubb's
&#8221; &#8220;Club House
&#8221; &#8220;Ducros
&#8221; &#8220;Schwartz
&#8221; &#8220;Vahin&#233;
&#8221; OLD BAY, Simply Asia, Thai Kitchen, Kitchen Basics, &#8220;Kamis
&#8221; &#8220;Drogheria &amp; Alimentari
&#8221; DaQiao, &#8220;Kohinoor&#8221; and Gourmet Garden trademarks
 would not have a material adverse effect on our business. The &#8220;Mc &#8211; McCormick&#8221; trademark is extensively used by us in connection with the sale of our food products in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. markets. The terms of the trademark registrations are as prescribed by law
We also own various patents
Due to seasonal factors inherent in our business
 our sales
 income and cash from operations generally are lower in the first two quarters of the fiscal year
 increase in the third quarter and are significantly higher in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. This seasonality reflects customer and consumer buying patterns
In order to meet increased demand for our consumer products during our fourth quarter
 we usually build our inventories during the third quarter of the fiscal year. We generally finance working capital items (inventory and receivables) through short-term borrowings
 which include the use of lines of credit and the issuance of commercial paper. For a description of our liquidity and capital resources
Each segment operates in markets around the world that are highly competitive. In this competitive environment
 our growth strategies include customer intimacy and product innovation based on consumer insights. Additionally
 in the consumer segment
We are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world that apply to our global businesses. In the United States
 the safety
 production
 transportation
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling and sale of many of our products and their ingredients are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act; the Food Safety Modernization Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; state consumer protection laws; competition laws
 anti-corruption laws
 customs and trade laws; federal
 state and local workplace health and safety laws; various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws; and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations. Outside the United States
 our business is subject to numerous similar statutes
The cost of compliance with federal
 state and local provisions related to protection of the environment has had no material effect on our business. There were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities in fiscal year 2018
We had approximately 11
600 full-time employees worldwide as of November 30
. Our operations have not been affected significantly by work stoppages and
 in the opinion of management
 employee relations are good. We have approximately 300 employees covered by a collective bargaining contract in the United States. At our foreign subsidiaries
 approximately 2
We are subject in varying degrees to certain risks typically associated with a global business
 such as local economic and market conditions
 exchange rate fluctuations
 and restrictions on investments
 royalties and dividends. In fiscal year 2018
 approximately 40% of sales were from non-U.S. operations. For information on how we manage some of these risks
Certain statements contained in this report
 including statements concerning expected performance such as those relating to net sales
 earnings
 cost savings
 acquisitions
 brand marketing support
 and income tax expense are &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). These statements may be identified by the use of words such as &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; should, anticipate, intend, &#8220;believe&#8221; and &#8220;plan.&#8221; These statements may relate to: the expected results of operations of businesses acquired by the company
 including the acquisition of RB Foods; the expected impact of costs and pricing actions on the company's results of operations and gross margins; the expected impact of productivity improvements
 including those associated with our CCI program and global enablement (GE) initiative; expected working capital improvements; expectations regarding growth potential in various geographies and markets
including the impact from customer
 channel
 category
 and e-commerce expansion; expected trends in net sales and earnings performance and other financial measures; the expected impact of Pub.L 115-97
 &#8220;An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018&#8221; (the U.S. Tax Act); the expectations of pension and postretirement plan contributions and anticipated charges associated with those plans; the holding period and market risks associated with financial instruments; the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations; the adequacy of internally generated funds and existing sources of liquidity
These and other forward-looking statements are based on management&#8217;s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results. Results may be materially affected by factors such as: damage to the company's reputation or brand name; loss of brand relevance; increased private label use; product quality
 labeling
 or safety concerns; negative publicity about our products; business interruptions due to natural disasters or unexpected events; actions by
 and the financial condition of
 competitors and customers; the company's inability to achieve expected and/or needed cost savings or margin improvements; negative employee relations; the lack of successful acquisition and integration of new businesses
 including the acquisition of RB Foods; issues affecting the company's supply chain and raw materials
 including fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw and packaging materials and freight; government regulation
 and changes in legal and regulatory requirements and enforcement practices; global economic and financial conditions generally
 including the availability of financing
 and interest and inflation rates; the effects of increased level of debt service following the RB Foods acquisition as well as the effects that such increased debt service may have on the company's ability to react to certain economic and industry conditions and ability to borrow or the cost of any such additional borrowing; the interpretations and assumptions we have made
 and guidance that may be issued
 regarding the U.S. Tax Act; assumptions we have made regarding the investment return on retirement plan assets
 and the costs associated with pension obligations; foreign currency fluctuations; the stability of credit and capital markets; risks associated with the company's information technology systems
 including the threat of data breaches and cyber-attacks; fundamental changes in tax laws; volatility in our effective tax rate; climate change; infringement of intellectual property rights
 and those of customers; litigation
 legal and administrative proceedings; and other risks described herein under Part I
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
Our principal corporate internet website address is: www.mccormickcorporation.com. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;). The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding McCormick. Our website also includes our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 Business Ethics Policy and charters of the Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee
The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Before you buy our Common Stock or Common Stock Non-Voting
 you should know that making such an investment involves risks
 including the risks described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or are currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 or results of operations in the future. If any of the risks actually occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case
 the trading price of our securities could decline
Damage to our reputation or brand name
 loss of brand relevance
 increase in use of private label or other competitive brands by customers or consumers
 or product quality or safety concerns could negatively impact our business
We have many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition.  Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image for our existing products
 extend our brands to new platforms
We continually make efforts to maintain and improve relationships with our customers and consumers and to increase awareness and relevance of our brands through effective marketing and other measures. From time to time
 our customers evaluate their mix of product offerings
 and consumers have the option to purchase private label or other competitive products instead of our branded products. If a significant portion of our branded business was switched to private label or competitive products
Our reputation for manufacturing high-quality products is widely recognized. In order to safeguard that reputation
 we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our products.  A serious breach of our quality assurance or quality control procedures
 deterioration of our quality image
 impairment of our customer or consumer relationships or failure to adequately protect the relevance of our brands may lead to litigation
 customers purchasing from our competitors or consumers purchasing other brands or private label items that may or may not be manufactured by us
 any of which could have a material negative impact on our business
The food industry generally is subject to risks posed by food spoilage and contamination
 product tampering
 product recall
 import alerts and consumer product liability claims. For instance
 we may be required to recall certain of our products should they be mislabeled
 contaminated or damaged
 and certain of our raw materials could be blocked from entering the country if they were subject to government-imposed actions.&#160;We also may become involved in lawsuits and legal proceedings if it is alleged that the consumption of any of our products could cause injury or illness
 or that any of our products are mislabeled or fail to meet applicable legal requirements (even if the allegation is untrue). A product recall
 import alert or an adverse result in any such litigation
 or negative perceptions regarding food products and ingredients
 could result in our having to pay fines or damages
 incur additional costs or cause customers and consumers in our principal markets to lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain products or ingredients
 any of which could  have a negative effect on our business or financial results and
 depending upon the significance of the affected product
 that negative effect could be material to our business or financial results. Negative publicity about these concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage customers and consumers from buying our products or cause disruptions in production or distribution of our products and adversely affect our business
The rising popularity of social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination (whether or not accurate)
 and
 as a result
 negative
 inaccurate
Customer consolidation
 and competitive
 economic and other pressures facing our customers
A number of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years and consolidation could continue. Such consolidation could present a challenge to margin growth and profitability in that it has produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories; resisting price increases; demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products; and shifting shelf space currently used for our products to private label and other competitive products. The economic and competitive landscape for our customers is constantly changing
 such as the emergence of new sales channels like e-commerce
 and our customers' responses to those changes could impact our business. Our flavor solutions segment may be impacted if the reputation or perception of the customers of our flavor solutions segment declines. These factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business
We have a number of major customers
 including two large customers that
 in the aggregate
Our purchases of raw materials are subject to fluctuations in market price and availability caused by weather
 growing and harvesting conditions
 market conditions
 governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. The most significant raw materials used by us in our business are dairy products
 pepper
 vanilla
 garlic
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 rice and wheat flour. While future price movements of raw material costs are uncertain
 we seek to mitigate the market price risk in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery
 customer price adjustments and cost savings from our CCI program. We generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose
 it has not been material to our business. Any actions we take in response to market price fluctuations may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in raw material prices. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future raw material price fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business
In addition
 we may have very little opportunity to mitigate the risk of availability of certain raw materials due to the effect of weather on crop yield
 government actions
 political unrest in producing countries
 action or inaction by suppliers in response to laws and regulations
 changes in agricultural programs and other factors beyond our control. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future raw material availability will not have a negative impact on our business
Political
 socio-economic and cultural conditions
 as well as disruptions caused by terrorist activities or otherwise
 could also create additional risks for regulatory compliance. Although we have adopted rigorous quality assurance and quality control procedures which are designed to ensure the safety of our imported products
 we cannot provide assurance that such events will not have a negative impact on our business
The food industry is intensely competitive. Competition in our product categories is based on price
 product innovation
 product quality
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. From time to time
 we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures
Food products are extensively regulated in most of the countries in which we sell our products. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the growing
 sourcing
 manufacturing
 storage
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of food products
 as well as laws and regulations relating to financial reporting requirements
 the environment
 consumer protection
 competition
 anti-corruption
 privacy
 relations with distributors and retailers
 foreign supplier verification
 customs and trade laws
 including the import and export of products and product ingredients
 employment
 and health and safety. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal requirements
 and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations
 financial or otherwise
 that could adversely affect our business
 financial condition or operating results.  Increased regulatory scrutiny of
 and increased litigation involving
 product claims and concerns regarding the attributes of food products and ingredients may increase compliance costs and create other obligations that could adversely affect our business
 financial condition or operating results. Governments may also impose requirements and restrictions that impact our business
 such as labeling disclosures pertaining to ingredients. For example
 Proposition 65, the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, in California exposes all food companies to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in that state. If we were required to add warning labels to any of our products or place warnings in locations where our products are sold in order to comply with Proposition 65
 the sales of those products and other products of our company could suffer
 not only in those locations but elsewhere. In addition
 the European Union&#8217;s General Data Protection Regulation (&#8220;GDPR&#8221;)
 which came into effect in May 2018
 creates a range of new compliance obligations for companies that process personal data of European Union residents
 and increases financial penalties for non-compliance. As a company that processes personal data of European Union residents
breach of the&#160;GDPR. These factors and others could have an adverse impact on our business
Our operations may be impaired as a result of disasters
We could have an interruption in our business
 loss of inventory or data
 or be rendered unable to accept and fulfill customer orders as a result of a natural disaster
 catastrophic event
 epidemic or computer system failure. Natural disasters could include an earthquake
 fire
 flood
 tornado or severe storm. A catastrophic event could include a terrorist attack. An epidemic could affect our operations
 major facilities or employees&#8217; and consumers&#8217; health. In addition
 some of our inventory and production facilities are located in areas that are susceptible to harsh weather; a major storm
We cannot provide assurance that our disaster recovery plan will address all of the issues we may encounter in the event of a disaster or other unanticipated issue
 and our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur from any of the foregoing. In the event that a natural disaster
 terrorist attack or other catastrophic event were to destroy any part of our facilities or interrupt our operations for any extended period of time
 or if harsh weather or health conditions prevent us from delivering products in a timely manner
 our business
We may not be able to successfully consummate and manage ongoing acquisition
From time to time
 we may acquire other businesses and
 based on an evaluation of our business portfolio
 divest existing businesses. These acquisitions
 joint ventures and divestitures may present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
 including diversion of management attention from existing businesses
 difficulty with integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 increased expenses and raw material costs
 assumption of unknown liabilities and indemnities
 and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. In addition
 we may be required to incur asset impairment charges (including charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets) in connection with acquired businesses which may reduce our profitability. If we are unable to consummate such transactions
 or successfully integrate and grow acquisitions and achieve contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings
 our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally
 joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations
 thereby potentially increasing the financial
 legal
 operational
We may not be able to maintain the growth rate
 levels of revenue
Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of RB Foods will depend on many factors including
difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings
 synergies
The full anticipated benefits of its acquisition may not be realized
 including the synergies
 cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that are anticipated. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame
 or at all. Each of these factors could cause reductions in our earnings per share
 decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisition and negatively impact the price of shares of our common stock. As a result
We operate our business and market our products internationally. In fiscal year 2018
 approximately 40% of our sales were generated in foreign countries. Our foreign operations are subject to additional risks
 including fluctuations in currency values
 foreign currency exchange controls
 discriminatory fiscal policies
 compliance with U.S. and foreign laws
 enforcement of remedies in foreign jurisdictions and other economic or political uncertainties. Several countries within the European Union continue to experience sovereign debt and credit issues which causes more volatility in the economic environment throughout the European Union and the United Kingdom (U.K.) Additionally
 international sales
 together with finished goods and raw materials imported into the U.S.
 are subject to risks related to fundamental changes to tax laws as well as the imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other similar restrictions. All of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the effects of foreign currency on loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and on cash flows related to repatriation of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. Primary exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Australian dollar
 Mexican peso
 Chinese renminbi
 Indian rupee and Thai baht
 as well as the Euro versus the British pound sterling
 Australian dollar and Swiss franc. We routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to facilitate managing certain of these foreign currency risks. However
 these contracts may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to a decline in operating results due to foreign currency exchange changes. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will not have a negative impact on our business
The U.K. is currently negotiating the terms of its exit from the European Union (&#8220;Brexit&#8221;) scheduled for March 29
 2019. In November 2018
 the U.K. and the European Union agreed upon a draft Withdrawal Agreement that sets out the terms of the U.K.&#8217;s departure
 including commitments on citizen rights after Brexit
 a financial settlement from the U.K.
 and a transition period from March 29
 2019 through December 31
 2020 to allow time for a future trade deal to be agreed.&#160; On January 15
 2019
If the U.K. leaves the European Union with no agreement (&#8220;hard Brexit&#8221;)
 it will likely have an adverse impact on labor and trade in addition to creating further short-term uncertainty and currency volatility.&#160; In the absence of a future trade deal
 the U.K.&#8217;s trade with the European Union and the rest of the world would be subject to tariffs and duties set by the World Trade Organization. Additionally
 the movement of goods between the U.K. and the remaining member states of the European Union will be subject to additional inspections and documentation checks
 leading to possible delays at ports of entry and departure.&#160; These changes to the trading relationship between the U.K and European Union would likely result in increased cost of goods imported into and exported from the U.K. and may decrease the profitability of our U.K. and other operations. Additional currency volatility could drive a weaker British pound
 which increases the cost of goods imported into our U.K. operations and may decrease the profitability of our U.K. operations.&#160;&#160; A weaker British pound versus the U.S. dollar also causes local currency results of our U.K. operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars during a reporting period. &#160;With a range of outcomes still possible
 the impact from Brexit remains uncertain and will depend
 in part
 on the final outcome of tariff
 trade
We had total outstanding short-term borrowings of $560 million at a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 2.9% on November&#160;30
 2018. We also had total outstanding variable rate long-term debt
 including current maturities
 of approximately $1
284 million at a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 3.3% on November 30
 2018. Certain of our variable rate debt
 including our revolving credit facility
 currently uses LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent proposals for reform. These reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to disappear entirely or to perform differently than in the past. The consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt. The interest rates under our term loans and revolving credit facilities can vary based on our credit ratings. Our policy is to manage our interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing cost and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including interest rate exposures that exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instruments. Our use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the utilization of written guidelines. However
 our use of these instruments may not effectively limit or eliminate our exposure to changes in interest rates. Therefore
 we cannot provide assurance that future credit rating or interest rate changes will not have a material negative impact on our business
Our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and
 accordingly
Our credit ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength
 operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. Our credit ratings were downgraded following our financing of the acquisition of RB Foods in August 2017
 and any reduction in our credit ratings may limit our ability to borrow at interest rates consistent with the interest rates that were available to us prior to that acquisition and the related financing transactions. If our credit ratings are further downgraded or put on watch for a potential downgrade
 we may not be able to sell additional debt securities or borrow money in the amounts
After financing our acquisition of RB Foods
 we have a significant amount of indebtedness outstanding. As of November 30
 2018
 the indebtedness of McCormick and its subsidiaries is approximately $4.7&#160;billion. This substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our business
 including
increasing our debt service obligations
subjecting us to financial and other restrictive covenants
increasing our vulnerability to
 and reducing our flexibility to respond to
limiting our flexibility in planning for
 or reacting to
placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors
restricting us from pursuing certain business opportunities
We rely on our revolving credit facilities
 or borrowings backed by these facilities
 to fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. If any of the banks in the syndicates backing these facilities were unable to perform on its commitments
 our liquidity could be impacted
 which could adversely affect funding of seasonal working capital requirements. We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. During these communications
 none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition
 we periodically review our banking and financing relationships
 considering the stability of the institutions
 pricing we receive on services and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities
In addition
markets and other sources of funding
 and such volatility and tightened access could reoccur in the future. In the event that we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period. Our inability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time period could have an adverse impact on our operations
We hold investments in equity and debt securities in our qualified defined benefit pension plans and in a rabbi trust for our U.S. non-qualified pension plan. Deterioration in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn or otherwise
 or an increase in the actuarial valuation of the plans' liability due to a low interest rate environment
 could cause (or increase) an underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans
 thereby increasing our obligation to make contributions to the plans. An obligation to make contributions to pension plans could reduce the cash available for working capital and other corporate uses
 and may have an adverse impact on our operations
Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers
 some of which are highly leveraged. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels through our customer base. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Current credit markets are volatile
Our information technology systems are critically important to operating our business.  We rely on our information technology systems
 some of which are or may be managed or hosted by or out-sourced to third party service providers
 to manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes.  If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build
 sustain
 and protect appropriate information technology systems and infrastructure
 or we do not effectively implement system upgrades or oversee third party service providers
 our business or financial results could be negatively impacted.  The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction or reporting errors
 processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers
Furthermore
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks or other security incidents
 service disruptions
 or other system or process failures.  Such incidents could result in unauthorized access to information including customer
 consumer or other company confidential data as well as disruptions to operations.  We have experienced in the past
 and expect to continue to experience
 cybersecurity threats and incidents although to date none has been material.  To address the risks to our information technology systems and data
 we maintain an information security program that includes updating technology
 developing security policies and procedures
 implementing and assessing the effectiveness of controls
 conducting risk assessments of third party service providers and designing business processes to mitigate the risk of such breaches.  There can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident.  Moreover
 the development and maintenance of these measures requires continuous monitoring as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures evolve.  If we are unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve an incident
 it may have a material
 negative impact on our operations or business reputation
 and we may experience other adverse consequences such as loss of assets
 remediation costs
 litigation
 regulatory investigations
 and the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event.  Additionally
 we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology processes and functions
As a global business
 our tax rate from period to period can be affected by many factors
legislation
 our global mix of earnings
 the tax characteristics of our income
impairments
 acquisitions and dispositions
 adjustments to our reserves related to uncertain tax positions
In addition
 significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish accruals for certain tax contingencies when
 despite the belief that our tax return positions are appropriately supported
 the positions are uncertain. The tax contingency accruals are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law and emerging legislation. Our effective tax rate includes the impact of tax contingency accruals and changes to those accruals
 including related interest and penalties
 as considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise
Climate change may negatively affect our business
Unseasonable or unusual weather or long-term climate changes may negatively impact the price or availability of spices
 herbs and other raw materials. There is concern that greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity or practices
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products. In addition
 such climate change may result in modifications to the eating preferences of the ultimate consumers of certain of our products
Our intellectual property rights
 and those of our customers
 could be infringed
 challenged or impaired
We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business
 and we are provided access by certain customers to particular intellectual property rights belonging to such customers.  These intellectual property rights include ingredient formulas
 trademarks
 copyrights
 patents
 business processes and other trade secrets which are important to our business and relate to some of our products
 our packaging
 the processes for their production
 and the design and operation of equipment used in our businesses. We protect our intellectual property rights
 and those of certain customers
 globally through a variety of means
 including trademarks
 copyrights
 patents and trade secrets
 third-party assignments and nondisclosure agreements
 and monitoring of third-party misuses of intellectual property. If we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property (and the intellectual property of customers to which we have been given access)
 the value of our products and brands could be reduced and there could be an adverse impact on our business
Litigation
We are party to a variety of legal claims and proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Since litigation is inherently uncertain
 there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such claims or proceedings
 or that management&#8217;s assessment of the materiality or immateriality of these matters
 including any reserves taken in connection with such matters
 will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such claims or proceedings. In the event that management&#8217;s assessment of the materiality or immateriality of current claims and proceedings proves inaccurate
 or litigation that is material arises in the future
Streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
We regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness
 and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. From time to time
eliminate certain manufacturing
If we are unable to fully realize the benefits from our CCI program
Our future success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. Any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies under our CCI program
 or other similar programs
 could have an adverse effect on our business
We have curtailed the repurchases of our shares under our share repurchase program. Upon the acquisition of RB Foods
 we announced our intention to reduce our leverage ratio by curtailing our share repurchase program
The declaration
The declaration
 payment and amount of any dividends is made pursuant to our dividend policy and is subject to final determination each quarter by our board of directors in its discretion based on a number of factors that it deems relevant
 including our financial position
 results of operations
 available cash resources
 cash requirements and alternative uses of cash that our board of directors may conclude would be in the best interest of the company and our shareholders. Our dividend payments are subject to solvency conditions established by the Maryland General Corporation Law. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that any future dividends will be equal or similar in amount to any dividends previously paid or that our board of directors will not decide to reduce
Our principal executive offices and primary research facilities are leased and owned
 respectively
 and are located in suburban Baltimore
The following is a list of our principal manufacturing properties
 all of which are owned except for the facilities in Commerce
 California; Lakewood
 New Jersey; Melbourne
 Australia; Florence
 Italy and a portion of the facility in Littleborough
 England
 which are leased. The manufacturing facilities that we own in Guangzhou
 Shanghai and Wuhan
Hunt Valley
Gretna
South Bend
Atlanta
Commerce
Irving
Lakewood
Springfield
London
Haddenham
Littleborough
In addition to distribution facilities and warehouse space available at our manufacturing facilities
 we lease regional distribution facilities as follows (i) in the U.S.: Belcamp and Aberdeen
 Maryland; Salinas
 California; Byhalia
 Mississippi; Irving
 Texas; and Springfield
 Missouri; (ii) in Canada: Mississauga and London
 Ontario; (iii) in Heywood
 U.K. and (iv) in Genvilliers
 France. We also own distribution facilities in Belcamp
 Maryland and Monteux
 France. In addition
 we own
 lease or contract other properties used for manufacturing consumer and flavor solutions products and for sales
 warehousing
We believe our plants are well maintained and suitable for their intended use. We further believe that these plants generally have adequate capacity or the ability to expand
 and can accommodate seasonal demands
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
Our Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Our Common Stock and Common Stock Non-Voting trade under the ticker symbols MKCV and MKC
 respectively. We have disclosed in note 17 of the accompanying financial statements the information relating to the dividends declared and paid on our classes of common stock. The market price of our common stock at the close of business on December&#160;31
The approximate number of holders of our common stock based on record ownership as of December&#160;31
Common Stock
2
Common Stock Non-Voting
9
September&#160;1
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
October&#160;31
CS-20
CSNV-75
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;20
829
November&#160;1
November&#160;30
CS-23
CSNV-37
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;23
870
CS-44
CSNV-112
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;44
&#160;&#160;&#160;112
On November 14
 2018
 we purchased 23
870 shares of our CS from our U.S. defined contribution retirement plan to manage shares
 based upon participant activity
 in the plan's company stock fund. The price paid per share of $148.44 represented the closing price of the CS on November 14
As of November&#160;30
 2018
 approximately $127 million remained of a $600 million share repurchase authorization approved by the Board of Directors in March 2015. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased is determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. Due to our increased level of indebtedness because of the RB Foods acquisition in August 2017
 we have curtailed our acquisition and share repurchase activity for a period in order to enable a return to our pre-acquisition credit profile. Although we have curtailed our share repurchase activity
In certain circumstances
 we issue shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV
 or issue shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS
 in either case pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. Typically
 these exchanges are made in connection with the administration of our employee benefit plans
 executive compensation programs and dividend reinvestment/direct purchase plans. The number of shares issued in an exchange is generally equal to the number of shares received in the exchange
 although the number may differ slightly to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. During fiscal 2018
 we issued 1
780
959 shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS and issued 3
5
4
4
4
4
Closing price
10
10
4
4
4
4
4
1
1
1
3
2
1
1
1
Total assets and Long-term debt for fiscal year ended 2015 and 2014 reflect the provisions of Accounting Standards Updates 2015-03
 related to the presentation of debt issuance costs
 and 2015-17
 related to the classification of deferred tax assets and liabilities
 both of which we adopted as of November 30
The historical financial summary includes the impact of certain items that affect the comparability of financial results year to year. In 2018
 we recorded a non-recurring benefit from the U.S. Tax Act. In 2018 and 2017
 we recorded transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisition of RB Foods. In 2018
 2017
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 we recorded special charges related to the completion of organization and streamlining actions
 including
 for 2016 and 2015
The following Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) is intended to help the reader understand McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated
 our operations and our present business environment. MD&amp;A is provided as a supplement to
 and should be read in conjunction with
 our financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item&#160;8 of this report. We use certain non-GAAP information that we believe is important for purposes of comparison to prior periods and development of future projections and earnings growth prospects. This information is also used by management to measure the profitability of our ongoing operations and analyze our business performance and trends. The dollar and share information in the charts and tables in the MD&amp;A are in millions
McCormick is a global leader in flavor. The company manufactures
 markets and distributes spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry&#8211;retailers
 food manufacturers and foodservice businesses. We manage our business in two operating segments
 consumer and flavor solutions
Our long-term annual growth objectives in constant currency are to increase sales 4% to 6%
:  Over time
 we expect to grow sales with similar contributions from: 1) our base business&#8211;driven by brand marketing support
 customer intimacy
&#8211;In 2018
 we increased our investment in brand marketing by 18% as compared to 2017. We measure the return on our brand marketing investment and have identified digital marketing as one of our highest return investments in brand marketing support. Through digital marketing
 we are connecting with consumers in a personalized way to deliver recipes
&#8211;For our consumer segment
 we believe that scalable and differentiated innovation continues to be one of the best ways to distinguish our brands from our competition
 including private label. We are introducing products for every type of cooking occasion
 from gourmet
For flavor solutions customers
 we are developing seasonings for snacks and other food products
 as well as flavors for new menu items. We have a solid pipeline of flavor solutions aligned with our customers&#8217; new product launch plans
 many of which include &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; innovation. With over 20 product innovation centers around the world
&#8211;Acquisitions are expected to approximate one-third of our sales growth over time. Since the beginning of 2015
 we have completed seven acquisitions
 which are driving sales in both our consumer and flavor solutions segments. We focus on acquisition opportunities that meet the growing demand for flavor and health. Geographically
 our focus is on acquisitions that build scale where we currently have presence in both developed and emerging markets. Our acquisitions have included bolt-on opportunities and the August 17
 2017 acquisition of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Division (RB Foods) from Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. for approximately $4.2 billion
 net of acquired cash. The acquired market-leading brands of RB Foods include French&#8217;s&#174;
 Frank&#8217;s RedHot&#174; and Cattlemen&#8217;s&#174;
: We are fueling our investment in growth with cost savings from our CCI program
 an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization
 that also includes savings from the organization and streamlining actions described in note 3 of the accompanying financial statements. In addition to funding brand marketing support
 product innovation and other growth initiatives
: We continue to generate strong cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities reached $821.2 million in 2018
 an increase from $815.3 million in 2017. In 2018
 we continued to have a balanced use of cash for debt repayment
 capital expenditures and the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We are using our cash to fund shareholder dividends
 with annual increases in each of the past 33 years
 and to fund capital expenditures
 acquisitions and share repurchases.  In 2018
 the return of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase was $335.7 million. Due to our increased level of indebtedness because of the RB Foods acquisition
 we have curtailed our acquisition and share repurchase activity for a period in order to enable a return to our pre-acquisition credit profile. Although we have curtailed our share repurchase activity
On a long-term basis
In 2018
We grew volume and product mix
Net sales growth was favorably impacted by fluctuations in currency rates that contributed 1.2% to sales growth. Excluding this impact
Operating income was $903.3 million in 2018 and $702.4 million in 2017. We recorded $16.3 million and $22.2 million of special charges in 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 related to organization and streamlining actions. In 2018 and 2017
 we also recorded $22.5 million and $61.7 million of transaction and integration expenses
 respectively
 related to our acquisition of RB Foods that reduced operating income. In 2018
 compared to the year-ago period
 the favorable impact of higher sales
 including the effects of the RB Foods acquisition
 and $117.9 million of cost savings from our CCI program
 including organization and streamlining actions
 more than offset higher special charges
 transaction and integration expenses
 material costs and a $48.5 million increase in brand marketing.  Excluding special charges together with transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisition of RB Foods
 adjusted operating income was $942.1 million
 an increase of 19.8%
 compared to $786.3 million in the year-ago period. In constant currency
 adjusted operating income rose 19.1%. For further details and a reconciliation of non-GAAP to reported amounts
Diluted earnings per share was $7.00 in 2018 and $3.72 in 2017. The year-on-year increase in earnings per share was driven mainly by a lower effective tax rate
 coupled with benefits of the U.S. Tax Act
 along with higher operating income
 as described above
 which was offset by higher interest expense and higher shares outstanding. Special charges lowered earnings per share by $0.10 and $0.12 in 2018 and 2017
 respectively.  Transaction and integration expenses lowered earnings per share by $0.13 and $0.42 in 2018 and 2017
 respectively.  In 2018
 a non-recurring benefit from the U.S. Tax Act increased diluted earnings per share by $2.26. Excluding the effects of special charges
 transaction and integration expenses
 and the non-recurring benefit of the U.S. Tax Act
 adjusted diluted earnings per share was $4.97 in 2018 and $4.26 in 2017
In connection with our pending adoption of two new accounting standards relating to revenue recognition and income statement classification of pension expense
 we will
 at the beginning of fiscal 2019
 recast our historical income statements for 2018
 2017 and 2016 to retrospectively reflect the adoption of those standards. As more fully described in note 2 of the accompanying financial statements
 while there will be no impact to net income or basic or diluted earnings per share in those years (or in interim periods within those years)
 we currently estimate that the adoption of those new accounting standards will result in the following aggregate income statement reclassifications to our historical results:  (i) a reduction in annual sales by approximately $100 million to $110 million for each of the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016: (ii) an increase in cost of goods sold by $176.4 million
 $112.4 million
 and $90.0 million for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
selling
 general and administrative expense by an amount ranging from $264.2 million to $274.2 million for the year ended November 30
 2018
 from $209.8 million to $219.8 million for the year ended November 30
 2017
 and from $198.4 million to $208.4 million for the year ended November 30
 2016; (iv) an increase (decrease) in operating income by $(12.2) million
 $(2.6) million and $8.4 million for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016; and (v) an increase (decrease) in non-operating income
 net (or the line captioned Other income (expense), net in our consolidated income statements)
 by $12.2 million
 $2.6 million
 and $(8.4) million for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017
 and 2016. The adoption of these standards and related estimated reclassifications
 which will be reflected retrospectively
 are not anticipated to have a material impact on the growth rates for sales
We project another year of strong financial performance in 2019. In 2019
 we expect to grow sales 1% to 3%
 including an estimated 2% unfavorable impact from currency rates
 or 3% to 5% on a constant currency basis. That anticipated 2019 sales growth is primarily driven by higher volume and product mix
 with some impact of pricing to offset anticipated cost increases
 and consists entirely of organic growth as we do not anticipate an incremental sales impact from acquisitions in 2019. We expect our 2019 gross profit margin to be 25 to 75 basis points higher in 2019 than in 2018
&#32;In 2019
 we expect an increase in operating income of 10% to 12%
 which includes an estimated 2% unfavorable impact from currency rates. That increase in operating income reflects the impact of lower special charges
 estimated at $15 million in 2019 compared to $16.3 million in 2018
 and the absence of $22.5 million of transaction and integration expenses incurred in 2018. Excluding special charges and
 in 2018
 transaction and integration expenses
 we expect 2019&#8217;s adjusted operating income to increase 7% to 9%
 which includes an estimated 2% unfavorable impact from currency rates
 or 9% to 11% on a constant currency basis. Our CCI-led cost savings target in 2019 is approximately $110 million. In 2019
 we expect to support our sales growth with a brand marketing investment comparable with the 2018 level
Our underlying effective tax rate is projected to be higher in 2019 than in 2018 as the U.S. Tax Act was not fully effective for us
 as a non-calendar year end company
 in 2018.  Absent the impact of discrete tax items
 we estimate our underlying tax rate to be approximately 24% in 2019. Including the impact of a discrete tax item that occurred in December 2018
 we estimate that our consolidated effective tax rate will approximate 22% in fiscal 2019. In 2018
 we recognized a net non-recurring tax benefit of $301.5 million upon the enactment of the U.S. Tax Act. Excluding that benefit and taxes associated with special charges and transaction and integration expenses
Diluted earnings per share was $7.00 in 2018. Diluted earnings per share for 2019 are projected to range from $5.09 to $5.19. Excluding the per share impact of the non-recurring benefit from the U.S. Tax Act of $2.26
 special charges of $0.10 and transaction and integration expenses of $0.13 in 2018
 adjusted diluted earnings per share was $4.97 in 2018. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (excluding an estimated $0.08 per share impact from special charges) are projected to be $5.17 to $5.27 in 2019. We expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2019 to grow 4% to 6%
 which includes a 2% unfavorable impact from currency rates
5
4
Sales for 2018 increased by 11.9% from 2017 and by 10.7% on a constant currency basis (that is
 excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange as more fully described under the caption
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures). Both the consumer and flavor solutions segments drove higher volume and product mix that added 2.2% to sales. This was driven by new products as well as growth in the base business. The incremental impact of pricing actions added 0.5% to sales
2
2
In 2018
 our gross profit margin rose 220 basis points to 43.8% from 41.6% in 2017. While this expansion in 2018 includes the accretive impact from our acquisition of the RB Foods business
 together with the absence of related transaction and integration expenses of $20.9 million that depressed our 2017 gross profit margin by 40 basis points
 our core business was also a driver of that expansion. In 2018
 CCI-led cost savings and the shift in our core product portfolio to more value-added products continued to drive profit expansion across both of our segments. Excluding the effect of those transaction and integration expenses in 2017
Selling
1
1
Selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expense was $1
429.5 million in 2018 compared to $1
244.8 million in 2017
 an increase of $184.7 million. That increase in SG&amp;A expense was driven by the incremental impact of the RB Foods acquisition
 together with increased brand marketing and higher distribution costs
 including freight
 which was offset in part by CCI-led cost savings
 including the benefits from the organization and streamlining actions described in note 3 of the accompanying financial statements. As a result
 SG&amp;A expense as a percentage of net sales was 26.4%
We regularly evaluate whether to implement changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness
 and we expect to continue to evaluate such actions in the future. From time to time
During 2018
 we recorded $16.3 million of special charges
 consisting primarily of: (i) $11.5 million related to our multi-year GE initiative
 consisting of $7.5 million of third party expenses
 $1.0 million of employee severance charges and a non-cash asset impairment charge of $3.0 million (that non-cash asset impairment charge was related to the write-off of certain software assets that are incompatible with our future move
 approved in the second quarter of 2018
 to a new global enterprise resource planning platform to facilitate planned actions under our GE initiative to align and simplify our end-to-end processes to support our future growth); (ii) a one-time payment
 in the aggregate amount of $2.2 million
During 2017
 we recorded $22.2 million of special charges
 consisting primarily of $12.7 million related to third party expenses incurred as part of our evaluation of changes relating to our GE initiative
 $2.8 million related to employee severance benefits and other costs associated with the relocation of one of our Chinese manufacturing facilities
 $2.5 million for severance and other exit costs associated with the closure of our manufacturing plant in Portugal
Transaction and integration expenses related to our RB Foods acquisition totaled&#160;$22.5 million and $77.1 million in 2018 and 2017
 respectively. In 2018
 these costs primarily consisted of outside advisory
 service and consulting costs; employee-related costs; and other costs related to the acquisition. In 2017
 these expenses consisted of amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories of $20.9 million that was included in cost of goods sold; outside advisory
 service and consulting costs; employee-related costs; and other costs related to the acquisition
Other income
Interest expense for 2018 of $174.6 million was sharply higher than the prior year level
 primarily due to higher average borrowings in 2018 related to our incurrence of $3.7 billion in debt in August 2017 to finance the acquisition of RB Foods (see note 6 of the accompanying financial statements). Other income
 net
The provision for income taxes is based on the then-current estimate of the annual effective tax rate adjusted to reflect the tax impact of items discrete to the fiscal period. We record tax expense or tax benefits that do not relate to ordinary income in the current fiscal year discretely in the period in which such items occur pursuant to the requirements of U.S. GAAP. Examples of such types of discrete items not related to ordinary income of the current fiscal year include
 but are not limited to
 excess tax benefits associated with share-based payments to employees
 changes in estimates of the outcome of tax matters related to prior years (including reversals of reserves upon the lapsing of statutes of limitations)
 provision-to-return adjustments
As more fully described in note 12 of the accompanying financial statements
 the U.S. Tax Act was enacted in December 2017. The U.S. Tax Act significantly changed U.S. corporate income tax laws by
 among other things
 reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21% beginning on January 1
 2018 and creating a territorial tax system with a one-time transition tax on previously deferred post-1986 foreign earnings of U.S. subsidiaries. Under GAAP (specifically
 ASC Topic 740
)
 the effects of changes in tax rates and laws on deferred tax balances are recognized in the period in which the new legislation is enacted. We recorded a net benefit of $301.5 million associated with the U.S. Tax Act during 2018. This amount includes a $380.0 million benefit from the revaluation of our net U.S. deferred tax liabilities as of January 1
 2018
 based on the new lower corporate income tax rate offset
 in part
 by an estimated net transition tax impact of $78.5 million. That net transition tax impact is comprised of the mandated one-time transition tax on previously deferred post-1986 foreign earnings of U.S. subsidiaries estimated at $75.3 million
 together with additional foreign withholding taxes of $7.9 million associated with previously unremitted prior year earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were no longer considered indefinitely reinvested as of the effective date of the U.S. Tax Act and that were subsequently repatriated in 2018
The effective tax rate was a benefit of 21.2% in 2018 as compared to an effective tax rate expense of 25.4% in 2017.  The effective tax rate benefit of 21.2% in 2018 includes the net tax benefit of $301.5 million associated with the U.S. Tax Act
 as more fully described above
 that had a (40.7)% impact on 2018&#8217;s effective tax rate.  Our 2018 effective tax rate also reflects the effects of the lower U.S. federal corporate income tax rate under the U.S. Tax Act and higher other net discrete tax benefits. Net discrete tax benefits
 excluding the effects of the U.S. Tax Act in 2018
 increased by $3.9 million from $24.2 million in 2017 to $28.1 million in 2018. Discrete tax benefits in both periods include excess tax benefits associated with share-based payments to employees ($21.7 million and $10.7 million in 2018 and 2017
 respectively)
 reversal of reserves for unrecognized tax benefits for the expiration of the statues of limitations and settlements with taxing authorities in several jurisdictions
 and other discrete items
 including
 in 2017
Income from unconsolidated operations increased $0.9 million in 2018 from the prior year. This increase was mainly attributable to higher earnings from our largest joint venture
 McCormick de Mexico
 partially offset by the impact of a higher elimination of earnings associated with our minority interests in 2018 than in 2017. We own 50% of most of our unconsolidated joint ventures
 including McCormick de Mexico
We reported diluted earnings per share of $7.00 in 2018
We measure the performance of our business segments based on operating income
 excluding special charges and transaction and integration expenses related to our RB Foods acquisition. See note 15 of the accompanying financial statements for additional information on our segment measures as well as for a reconciliation by segment of operating income
 excluding special charges as well as transaction and integration expenses related to our RB Foods acquisition
 to consolidated operating income. In the following discussion
3
2
Sales of our consumer segment grew by 11.7% as compared to 2017 and grew by 10.3% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 1.7% to sales
In the Americas
 consumer sales rose 13.5% in 2018 as compared to 2017 and rose by 13.4% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 0.9% to sales
 pricing actions added 1.0% to sales
In the EMEA region
 consumer sales increased 6.5% in 2018 as compared to 2017 and rose 1.1% on a constant currency basis. Volume and product mix increased sales by 1.3%
 led by growth in France and export sales to developing markets. This growth was partially offset by sales weakness in Poland driven by competitive conditions. The incremental impact of the RB Foods acquisition added 0.8% to sales
In the Asia/Pacific region
 consumer sales increased 10.2% as compared to 2017 and increased 7.7% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 6.4% to sales. Growth was led by China through product innovation and increased distribution
We grew segment operating income for our consumer segment by $80.7 million
 or 14.3%
 in 2018 compared to 2017. The favorable impact of greater sales and higher CCI-led cost savings more than offset the unfavorable impact of higher costs and brand marketing expense. On a constant currency basis
 segment operating income for our consumer segment rose 13.4%. Segment operating income margin for our consumer segment rose by 40 basis points to 19.4% in 2018 from 19.0% in 2017. The increase in segment operating income margin was driven by a higher gross profit margin and the leverage of fixed and semi-fixed elements of SG&amp;A over the higher sales base in 2018 as compared to 2017. Those factors were partially offset by an increase in SG&amp;A as a percentage of sales
 driven by increased investment in brand marketing and higher distribution costs
 including freight. The previously described gross profit margin improvement includes the incremental accretive impact attributable to the RB Foods acquisition as well as expansion in our core business
 in part
2
1
Sales of our flavor solutions segment increased 12.2% as compared to 2017 and increased by 11.4% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 3.1% to sales and pricing actions added 0.3%. Flavor solutions segment sales rose in 2018 due to the incremental impact of acquisitions
 primarily the RB Foods acquisition
In the Americas
 flavor solutions sales rose 14.8% in 2018 as compared to 2017 and rose 14.7% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 3.0% to sales led by increased sales to several large custom flavor solutions customers partially offset by the impact from a global realignment of a major customer's sales to EMEA
In the EMEA region
 flavor solutions sales increased 8.6% in 2018 as compared to 2017 and increased 6.3% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 4.1% to sales
 driven by increased sales to quick service restaurants
 broad based growth in Turkey
In the Asia/Pacific region
 flavor solutions sales increased 3.2% in 2018 as compared to 2017 and increased 0.9% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 1.4% to sales
 while pricing actions reduced sales by 0.5% as compared to 2017. Sales growth was led by new products and limited time offers in China
 partially offset by net sales declines in Australia
We grew segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment by $75.1 million
 or 33.8%
 in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase in segment operating income was due to the incremental impact of the RB Foods acquisition
 coupled with CCI-led cost savings. On a constant currency basis
 segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment rose 33.8%.  Segment operating income margin for our flavor solutions segment rose by 230 basis points to 14.2% in 2018 from 11.9% in 2017 and was driven by a higher gross profit margin offset
 in part
 by higher SG&amp;A as a percentage of net sales
 which reflects higher distribution costs
4
4
Sales for 2017 increased by 9.6% from 2016 and by 10.3% on a constant currency basis. Both the consumer and flavor solutions segments drove higher volume and product mix that added 1.7% to sales. This was driven by product innovation
 brand marketing and expanded distribution. Pricing actions
 taken in response to increased material costs
 added 2.1% to sales. The incremental impact of acquisitions completed in 2017 (both RB Foods and Giotti) and in 2016 (principally
2
1
In 2017
 our gross profit margin rose 10 basis points to 41.6% from 41.5% in 2016
 as the favorable impact of pricing actions
 CCI-led cost savings and more favorable business mix more than offset unfavorable material cost inflation
 including unfavorable foreign currency effects. In addition
 our gross profit for 2017 was burdened by $20.9 million of transaction and integration expenses
 representing the amortization of the fair value adjustment to the acquired inventories of RB Foods
 that depressed our fiscal 2017 gross profit margin of 41.6% by 40 basis points. Excluding those transaction and integration expenses
Selling
1
1
Selling
 general and administrative expense was $1
244.8 million in 2017 compared to $1
175.0 million in 2016
 an increase of $69.8 million. That increase in SG&amp;A expense was driven by the impact of acquisitions
 together with increased brand marketing and higher freight costs
 partially offset by lower acquisition-related costs related to both completed and uncompleted acquisitions
 all as compared to the 2016 levels. The lower acquisition-related costs in the 2017 period were primarily the result of costs associated with our investigation in 2016 of a large potential acquisition in the U.K. that we ultimately declined to pursue. In addition
 acquisition-related costs attributable to RB Foods in 2017 are not included in SG&amp;A expense but are instead included in transaction and integration expenses in our income statement (and are further discussed below). SG&amp;A expense as a percentage of net sales was 25.8%
 an 80-basis point improvement from 2016. Driving this reduction in SG&amp;A expense as a percentage of net sales
 in addition to the items described above
 were lower employee benefit expense
 including lower pension and other postretirement benefit expense
During 2017
 we recorded $22.2 million of special charges
 consisting primarily of $12.7 million related to third party expenses incurred as part of our evaluation of changes relating to our GE initiative
 $2.8 million related to employee severance benefits and other costs associated with the relocation of one of our Chinese manufacturing facilities
 $2.5 million for severance and other exit costs associated with the closure of our manufacturing plant in Portugal
Of the $16.0 million of special charges recorded in 2016
 $0.3 million were recorded in cost of goods sold. The 2016 special charges principally consist of $5.7 million related to our EMEA reorganization
 which began in 2015
 $2.8 million related to our exit from a consolidated joint venture in South Africa
 $1.9 million for other exit costs related to the discontinuance of non-profitable product lines of our Kohinoor business in India initiated in 2015
 $1.8 million associated with actions in connection with our planned exit of two leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand
Total transaction and integration expenses related to the RB Foods acquisition of $77.1 million primarily consist of amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories of $20.9 million that is included in cost of goods sold; outside advisory
 service and consulting costs; employee-related costs; and other costs related to the acquisition
Other income
Interest expense for 2017 was sharply higher than the prior year
 primarily due to higher average borrowings related to our incurrence of $3.7 billion in debt in August 2017 to finance our acquisition of RB Foods (see note 6 of the accompanying financial statements). Other income
 net
 for 2017 was $0.7 million lower than the 2016 level
The effective tax rate decreased 60 basis points to 25.4% in 2017
 from 26.0% in 2016
 primarily because of an increase in net discrete tax benefits. Net discrete tax benefits increased by $3.1 million
 from $21.1 million in 2016 to $24.2 million in 2017. In 2017
&#160;on a prospective basis as of the beginning of our 2017 fiscal year. Both 2017 and 2016 included discrete tax benefits for the reversal of reserves for unrecognized tax benefits
 net of additional taxes provided
 for the expiration of statutes of limitation and
 in 2017
Income from unconsolidated operations decreased $2.2 million in 2017 from the prior year. This decrease was mainly attributable to the impact of eliminating earnings associated with our minority interests in 2017 as compared to a loss in 2016 and to lower earnings from our largest joint venture
 McCormick de Mexico
 for which the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates more than offset the favorable impact
 in local currency
 of higher sales and net income. We own 50% of most of our unconsolidated joint ventures
We reported diluted earnings per share of $3.72 in 2017
2
2
Sales of our consumer segment grew by 7.9% as compared to 2016 and grew by 8.0% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 0.3% to sales
 and pricing actions
 taken in response to increased material costs
 added 2.2%. The incremental impact of acquisitions &#8211; mainly
 RB Foods and Gourmet Garden
 completed in 2017 and 2016
In the Americas
 consumer sales rose 11.2% in 2017 as compared to 2016 and rose by 11.1% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 0.5% to sales
 pricing actions added 2.8% to sales
 and the incremental impact of acquisitions &#8211; mainly
In the EMEA region
 consumer sales declined 1.6% in 2017 as compared to 2016 and declined 2.3% on a constant currency basis. Volume and product mix lowered sales by 3.3%
 with weakness in Poland
 the U.K. and France. The sales weakness in Poland was driven by competitive conditions
 while weakness in the U.K. related to a difficult retail environment
In the Asia/Pacific region
 consumer sales increased 6.4% as compared to 2016 and increased 8.9% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 5.1% to sales
 with strong results in China that offset a volume and product mix decline in India in 2017
We grew segment operating income for our consumer segment by $73.4 million
 or 15.0%
 in 2017 compared to 2016. The favorable impact of greater sales and cost savings more than offset the unfavorable impact of higher material costs and an increase in brand marketing. On a constant currency basis
1
1
Sales of our flavor solutions segment increased 12.4% as compared to 2016 and increased by 14.0% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 4.0% to sales and pricing actions
 taken in response to increased material costs
In the Americas
In the EMEA region
 flavor solutions sales increased 20.5% in 2017 as compared to 2016 and increased 26.9% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix added 2.7% to sales and included growth in sales to leading quick service restaurants in this region. Pricing actions added 3.1% to sales and the incremental impact of the Giotti and
 to a lesser extent
In the Asia/Pacific region
We grew segment operating income for our flavor solutions segment by $55.9 million
 or 33.6%
 in 2017 compared to 2016. The favorable impact of greater sales and cost savings more than offset the unfavorable impact of higher material costs. On a constant currency basis
The following tables include financial measures of adjusted gross profit
 adjusted gross profit margin
 adjusted operating income
 adjusted operating income margin
 adjusted income from unconsolidated operations
 adjusted income tax expense
 adjusted income tax rate
 adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share. These financial measures also exclude
 for 2018
generally accepted accounting principles. These financial measures exclude the impact
 as applicable
Special charges &#8211; Special charges consist of expenses associated with certain actions undertaken by the company to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness and are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/structural impact to require advance approval by our Management Committee
 comprised of our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; President
 Global Flavor Solutions Segment and McCormick International; President
 Global Consumer Segment and Americas; Senior Vice President
 Human Relations; and Senior Vice President
 Strategy and Global Enablement. Upon presentation of any such proposed action (including details with respect to estimated costs
 which generally consist principally of employee severance and related benefits
 together with ancillary costs associated with the action that may include a non-cash component or a component which relates to inventory adjustments that are included in cost of goods sold; impacted employees or operations; expected timing; and expected savings) to the Management Committee and the Committee&#8217;s advance approval
Transaction and integration expenses associated with the RB Foods acquisition &#8211; Beginning in 2017
 we revised our non-GAAP measures to exclude certain costs associated with our acquisition of RB Foods in August of 2017 and its subsequent integration into the company. We made this change because of the significance of the RB Foods acquisition and
 therefore
 the impact on the comparability of our results of the costs associated with the acquisition and subsequent integration. Such costs
 which we refer to as &#8220;transaction and integration expenses&#8221; include the impact of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment for inventory
 transaction costs associated with the acquisition
 integration costs following the acquisition
 and the bridge financing costs. In our income statement
 we include the impact of the fair value adjustment for inventory in cost of goods sold
 the bridge financing cost in other debt costs
 and present all other transaction and integration costs associated with the RB Foods acquisition in our income statement on the line
 Transaction and integration expenses (related to RB Foods acquisition). The size of this acquisition and related costs distinguishes it from our past
 recent and smaller acquisitions
Income taxes associated with the U.S. Tax Act &#8211; In connection with the enactment of the U.S. Tax Act in December 2017
 we recorded a net income tax benefit of $301.5 million during the year ended November 30
 2018
Details with respect to the composition of special charges
 transaction and integration expenses (including other debt costs) and income taxes associated with the U.S. Tax Act recorded for the periods and in the amounts set forth below are included in notes 2
 3 and 12
 respectively
We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are important. The exclusion of the items noted above provides additional information that enables enhanced comparisons to prior periods and
 accordingly
These non-GAAP financial measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP
 but they should not be considered a substitute for
 or superior to
 GAAP results.  In addition
 these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because other companies may not calculate them in the same manner that we do. We intend to continue to provide these non-GAAP financial measures as part of our future earnings discussions and
 therefore
A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP financial results is provided below (in millions
2
2
1
Impact of special charges
2
2
1
Impact of special charges
Non-recurring benefit
 net
Non-recurring benefit
 net
Non-recurring benefit
 net
As more fully described in note 2 of the accompanying financial statements
 transaction and integration expenses related to the acquisition of RB Foods are recorded in our consolidated income statement as follows for the years ended November 30
 2018 and 2017 (in millions
Represents the portion of the total special charge of $2.8 million
 net of tax of $0.9 million
 associated with our exit of a consolidated joint venture in South Africa
The non-recurring income tax benefit
 net
 associated with enactment of the U.S. Tax Act of $301.5 million for the year ended November 30
Adjusted income tax rate is calculated as adjusted income tax expense as a percentage of income from consolidated operations before income taxes
 excluding transaction and integration expenses and special charges
 or $780.1 million
 $694.1 million
 and $605.2 million for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
Estimate for the year ending November 30
Because we are a multi-national company
 we are subject to variability of our reported U.S. dollar results due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Those changes have been volatile over the past several years. The exclusion of the effects of foreign currency exchange
 or what we refer to as amounts expressed &#8220;on a constant currency basis
&#8221; is a non-GAAP measure. We believe that this non-GAAP measure provides additional information that enables enhanced comparison to prior periods excluding the translation effects of changes in rates of foreign currency exchange and provides additional insight into the underlying performance of our operations located outside of the U.S. It should be noted that our presentation herein of amounts and percentage changes on a constant currency basis does not exclude the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses (that is
Percentage changes in sales and adjusted operating income expressed on a constant currency basis are presented excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange. To present this information for historical periods
 current year results for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the prior fiscal year
 rather than at the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. As a result
 the foreign currency impact is equal to the current year results in local currencies multiplied by the change in the average foreign currency exchange rate between the current year and the prior fiscal year. The tables set forth below present our growth in net sales and adjusted operating income on a constant currency basis as follows: (1) to present our growth in net sales and adjusted operating income for 2018 on a constant currency basis
 net sales and adjusted operating income for 2018 for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar have been translated using the average foreign exchange rates in effect for 2017 and compared to the reported results for 2017; and (2) to present our growth in net sales and adjusted operating income for 2017 on a constant currency basis
For the year ended November 30
For the year ended November 30
To present the percentage change in projected 2019 sales
 adjusted operating income and adjusted earnings per share on a constant currency basis
 2019 projected local currency sales
 adjusted operating income
 and adjusted net income for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at currently prevailing exchange rates and are compared to those 2019 local currency projected results
 translated into U.S. dollars&#160; at the average actual exchange rates in effect during the corresponding months in fiscal year 2018 to determine what the 2019 consolidated U.S. dollar sales
Estimate for the year ending November 30
Estimate for the year ending November 30
Estimate for the year ending November 30
In addition to the above non-GAAP financial measures
 we use a leverage ratio which is determined using non-GAAP measures. A leverage ratio is a widely-used measure of ability to repay outstanding debt obligations and is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating financial leverage. We believe that our leverage ratio is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating our financial leverage and may be different than the method used by other companies to calculate such a leverage ratio. We determine our leverage ratio as net debt (which we define as total debt
 net of cash in excess of $75.0 million) to adjusted earnings before interest
 tax
 depreciation and amortization (Adjusted EBITDA). We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income plus expenses for interest
 income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 less interest income and as further adjusted for cash and non-cash acquisition-related transaction and integration expenses (which may include the effect of the fair value adjustment of acquired inventory on cost of goods sold)
 special charges and stock-based compensation expenses. Adjusted EBITDA and our leverage ratio are both non-GAAP financial measures. Our determination of the leverage ratio is consistent with the terms of our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and our term loans which require us to maintain our leverage ratio below certain levels. Under those agreements
 the applicable leverage ratio is reduced annually. As of November 30
 2018
 our capacity under the revolving credit facility is not affected by these covenants. We do not expect that these covenants would limit our access to our revolving credit facility for the foreseeable future; however
The following table reconciles our net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended November 30
 2018
1
1
4
4
1
Adjustments to EBITDA are determined under the leverage ratio covenant in our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and term loan agreements and includes special charges
 stock-based compensation expense and
 for the trailing twelve-month periods ended November 30
 2018 and 2017
 transaction and integration expenses (related to RB Foods acquisition)
The leverage ratio covenant in our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and the term loan agreements define net debt as the sum of short-term borrowings
 current portion of long-term debt
 and long-term debt
The leverage ratio covenant in our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and the term loan agreements provide that Adjusted EBITDA also includes the pro forma impact of acquisitions. As of November 30
 2017
 our leverage ratio under the terms of those agreements
(4
3
We generate strong cash flow from operations which enables us to fund operating projects and investments that are designed to meet our growth objectives
 service our debt
 increase our dividend
 fund capital projects and make share repurchases when appropriate. Due to the cyclical nature of a portion of our business
In the cash flow statement
 the changes in operating assets and liabilities are presented excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 as these do not reflect actual cash flows. Accordingly
The reported values of our assets and liabilities held in our non-U.S. subsidiaries and affiliates can be significantly affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between periods. At November 30
 2018
 the exchange rates for the Euro
 the British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Australian dollar
 Polish zloty and Chinese renminbi were lower versus the U.S. dollar than at November 30
&#32;Operating cash flow was $821.2 million in 2018
 $815.3 million in 2017 and $658.1 million in 2016. The increase in cash flow from operations in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to higher net income
 exclusive of the non-cash non-recurring net income tax benefit of $309.4 million related to the U.S. Tax Act. As more fully described below
 our working capital management favorably impacted operating cash flow in both 2018 and 2017. In 2018
 those increases were partially offset by a higher use of cash from other operating assets and liabilities partially related to the timing of our payment of transaction and integration expenses as well as of interest on indebtedness related to our acquisition of RB Foods
 as compared to the source of cash in 2017. The improvement in cash flow from operations in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to improvements in cash flow generated from inventories and accounts payable and the favorable timing of our payment of transaction and integration expenses as well as of interest on indebtedness related to our acquisition of RB Foods
&#32;principally related to inventory
 trade accounts receivable
&#32;impacts our operating cash flow. The change in inventory had a significant impact on the variability in cash flow from operations. It was a use of cash in 2018
 a significant source of cash in 2017 and a significant use of cash in 2016. The change in trade accounts receivable has varied in the last three years
 as it was a source of cash in 2018 and a use of cash in 2017 and 2016. The change in accounts payable was a significant source of cash in all three years
 but more so in 2017 compared to 2018 and 2016. Dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates
 which were higher in 2018 as compared to 2017 and lower in 2017 as compared to 2016
In addition to operating cash flow
 we also use cash conversion cycle (CCC) to measure our working capital management. This metric is different than operating cash flow in that it uses average balances instead of specific point in time measures. CCC is a calculation of the number of days
 on average
outlay for resources
 such as raw materials
The decreases in CCC in 2018 from 2017 and in 2017 from 2016 were due
 in both instances
 to an increase in our days payable outstanding as a result of extending our payment terms to suppliers and
 to a lesser extent
&#32;Net cash used in investing activities was $158.5 million in 2018
 $4
508.3 million in 2017 and $267.1 million in 2016. The variability between years is principally a result of cash usage related to our acquisitions of businesses
 which amounted to $4.2 million in 2018
 $4
327.4 million in 2017 and $120.6 million in 2016. See note 2 of the accompanying financial statements for further details related to these acquisitions. Capital expenditures were $169.1 million in 2018
&#32;Net cash used in financing activities was $751.1 million in 2018
 as compared to cash provided of $3
756.0 million in 2017 and cash used of $371.5 million in 2016. The variability between years is principally a result of changes in our net borrowings
 share repurchase activity and dividends
In 2018
 our net borrowing activity used cash of $466.5 million. In 2017 and 2016
 our net borrowing activity provided cash of $3
574.6 million and $55.7 million
In 2018
 we increased our short-term borrowings
 on a net basis
 by $305.5 million and borrowed $25.9 million under long-term borrowing arrangements. In 2018
 we repaid $797.9 million of long-term debt
 including the $250 million 5.75% notes that matured on December 15
 2017 and $545.0 million of our $1
In 2017
 we received $3
977.6 million of net proceeds on the issuance of $4
000.0 million of long-term debt
 including $2
500.0 million of notes and $1
500.0 million of term loans (see note 6 of the accompanying financial statements for additional information with respect to this long-term debt). We also paid $7.7 million of costs associated with the issuance of debt and our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility.  In 2017
 we repaid $272.7 million of long-term debt
 including $268.8 million of our $1
500.0 million term loans issued in August 2017. In 2017
In 2016
As of November 30
 2018
 $127 million remained of a $600 million share repurchase program that was authorized by our Board of Directors in March 2015. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased is determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. Due to our increased level of indebtedness related to our acquisition of RB Foods in August 2017
 we have curtailed our acquisition and share repurchase activity for a period in order to enable a return to our pre-acquisition credit profile. Although we have curtailed our share repurchase activity
During 2017
 we issued approximately 6.35 million shares of our Common Stock Non-Voting to fund our acquisition of RB Foods (see notes 2 and 13 of the accompanying financial statements)
 which included approximately 0.8 million shares from the exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The net proceeds from this issuance
 after the underwriting discount and related expenses
 was $554.0 million. In addition
 we also issued $29.5 million of common stock related to our stock compensation plans in 2017. All of the common stock issued in 2018 and 2016 related to our stock compensation plans
In November 2018
The following table presents our leverage ratios for the trailing twelve-month periods ended November 30
 2018
The leverage ratio covenant in our $1.0 billion revolving credit facility and the term loan agreements
 both outstanding at November 30
 2018 and 2017
 provide that Adjusted EBITDA under that covenant also include the pro forma impact of acquisitions
 as applicable. As of November 30
 2017
 our leverage ratio under the terms of those agreements
 including the pro forma impact of acquisitions
Our leverage ratio was 4.0 as of November 30
 2018
 as compared to the ratios of 5.1 and 1.7 as of November 30
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The decrease in the ratio from 5.1 as of November 30
 2017 to 4.0 as of November 30
 2018 is principally due to an increase in our adjusted EBITDA
 which was driven by the previously described improvement in operating income as compared to 2017. In addition
 the ratio was favorably impacted by our lower level of net debt at November 30
The increase in the ratio from 1.7 as of November 30
 2016 to 5.1 as of November 30
 2017 is principally due to an increase in total debt associated with the funding
 net of cash flow from operations for 2017
 of our acquisitions of RB Foods and Giotti
Most of our cash is in our foreign subsidiaries. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. Prior to the enactment of the U.S. Tax Act on December 22
 2017
 the permanent repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have had adverse tax consequences; however
 those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations
 capital projects and future acquisitions. Currently
 the repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could still have adverse tax consequences related to the effects of withholding and other taxes. At November 30
 2018
 we temporarily used $181.2 million of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to pay down short-term debt in the U.S. The average short-term borrowings outstanding for the years ended November&#160;30
 2018 and 2017 were $700.0 million and $630.6 million
 respectively. The total average debt outstanding for the years ended November&#160;30
 2018 and 2017 was $5
081.6 million and $2
996.6 million
&#32;&#8211; Cash flows from operating activities are our primary source of liquidity for funding growth
 share repurchases
 dividends and capital expenditures. We also rely on our revolving credit facility
 or borrowings backed by this facility
In August 2017
 we entered into a five-year $1.0 billion revolving credit facility
 which will expire in August 2022. The current pricing for the credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
 is LIBOR plus 1.25%. The pricing of the credit facility is based on a credit rating grid that contains a fully drawn maximum pricing of the credit facility equal to LIBOR plus 1.75%. This facility replaces our prior facilities: (i) a five-year $750 million revolving credit facility that was due to expire in June 2020 and (ii) a 364-day $250 million revolving facility
 which we entered into in the second quarter of 2017 and that was due to expire in March 2018. We generally use this facility to support our issuance of commercial paper. If the commercial paper market is not available or viable
 we could borrow directly under our revolving credit facility. The facility is made available by a syndicate of banks
 with various commitments per bank. If any of the banks in this syndicate are unable to perform on their commitments
 our liquidity could be impacted
 which could reduce our ability to grow through funding of seasonal working capital. In addition to our committed revolving credit facility
 we have uncommitted credit facilities for $237.3 million as of November 30
 2018
 that can be withdrawn based upon the lenders' discretion. We engage in regular communication with all banks participating in our credit facilities. During these communications
 none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition
 we periodically review our banking and financing relationships
 considering the stability of the institutions and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities
&#8211; We hold investments in equity and debt securities in both our qualified defined benefit pension plans and through a rabbi trust for our nonqualified defined benefit pension plan. Cash contributions to pension plans
 including unfunded plans
 were $13.5 million in 2018
 $18.7 million in 2017 and $25.1 million in 2016. It is expected that the 2019 total pension plan contributions will be approximately $12.0 million. Future increases or decreases in pension liabilities and required cash contributions are highly dependent on changes in interest rates and the actual return on plan assets. We base our investment of plan assets
 in part
 on the duration of each plan&#8217;s liabilities. Across all of our qualified defined benefit pension plans
 approximately 61% of assets are invested in equities
 29% in fixed income investments and 10% in other investments. Assets in the rabbi trust are primarily invested in corporate-owned life insurance
 the value of which approximates an investment mix of 60% in equities and 40% in fixed income investments. See note 10 of the accompanying financial statements
In fiscal 2017
On December 15
 2016
 we purchased 100% of the shares of Enrico Giotti SpA (Giotti)
 a leading European flavor manufacturer located in Italy
 for a cash payment of $123.8 million
 net of cash acquired of $1.2 million. The acquisition was funded with cash and short-term borrowings. Giotti is well known in the industry for its innovative beverage
 sweet
 savory and dairy flavor applications. Our acquisition of Giotti in fiscal 2017 expanded the breadth of value-added products for McCormick's flavor solutions segment
On August 17
 2017
 we completed the acquisition of RB Foods. The purchase price was approximately $4.21 billion
 net of acquired cash of $24.3 million
 and included a preliminary working capital adjustment of $11.2 million. In December 2017
 we paid $4.2 million associated with the final working capital adjustment.  The acquisition was funded through our issuance of approximately 6.35 million shares of common stock non-voting (see note 13 of the accompanying financial statements) and through new borrowings comprised of senior unsecured notes and&#160;pre-payable&#160;term loans (see note 6 of the accompanying financial statements). The acquired market-leading brands of RB Foods include French&#8217;s
Frank&#8217;s RedHot and Cattlemen&#8217;s
In fiscal 2016
On April 19
 2016
 we completed the purchase of 100% of the shares of Botanical Food Company
 Pty Ltd
 owner of the Gourmet Garden brand of packaged herbs (Gourmet Garden)
 a privately held company based in Australia. Gourmet Garden is a global market leader in chilled convenient packaged herbs. Gourmet Garden's products complement our existing branded herb portfolio with the addition of chilled convenient herbs located in the perimeter of the grocery store. We plan to drive sales of the Gourmet Garden brand by continuing to expand global distribution and to build awareness with increased brand investment. The purchase price was $116.2 million
 net of cash acquired of $3.3 million
 and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. Gourmet Garden has been included in our consumer segment since its acquisition. The flavor solutions component of this business
 which was not material in 2016
The following line graph compares the yearly change in McCormick&#8217;s cumulative total shareholder return (stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends) on McCormick&#8217;s Non-Voting Common Stock with (1)&#160;the cumulative total return of the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s 500 Stock Price Index
 assuming reinvestment of dividends
 and (2)&#160;the cumulative total return of the Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s Packaged Foods&#160;&amp; Meats Index
We utilize derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign exchange and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
&#32;We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency in the following main areas: cash flows related to raw material purchases; the translation of foreign currency earnings to U.S. dollars; the effects of foreign currency on loans between subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates and on cash flows related to repatriation of earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. Primary exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Australian dollar
 Mexican peso
 Chinese renminbi
 Indian rupee and Thai baht
 as well as the Euro versus the British pound sterling
During 2018
 the foreign currency translation component in other comprehensive income was principally related to the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our net investments in our subsidiaries with a functional currency of the British pound sterling
 Euro
 Polish zloty
 Chinese yuan
The following table summarizes the foreign currency exchange contracts held at November&#160;30
 2018. All contracts are valued in U.S. dollars using year-end 2018 exchange rates and have been designated as hedges of foreign currency transactional exposures
FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CONTRACTS AT NOVEMBER 30
We had a number of smaller contracts at November 30
 2018 with an aggregate notional value of $16.0 million to purchase or sell other currencies
 such as the Swiss franc
 the Romanian leu and Russian ruble. The aggregate fair value of these contracts was $(0.2) million at November&#160;30
At November 30
 2017
 we had foreign currency exchange contracts for the Euro
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Australian dollar
 Polish zloty
 Swiss franc and others
 with a notional value of $405.9 million
 all of which matured in 2018. The aggregate fair value of these contracts was $8.0 million at November&#160;30
&#32;Our policy is to manage interest rate risk by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. We also use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. The table that follows provides principal cash flows and related interest rates
 excluding the effect of interest rate swaps and the amortization of any discounts or fees
 by fiscal year of maturity at November&#160;30
 2018. For foreign currency-denominated debt
YEARS OF MATURITY AT NOVEMBER 30
2
3
3
1
1
The table above displays the debt
 including capital leases
 by the terms of the original debt instrument without consideration of fair value
We issued an aggregate amount of $2.5 billion of senior unsecured notes in August 2017. These notes are due as follows: $750 million due August 15
 2022
 $700 million due August 15
 2024
 $750 million due August 15
 2027 and $300 million due August 15
 2047 with stated fixed interest rates of 2.70%
 3.15%
 3.40% and 4.20%
 respectively. Forward treasury lock agreements settled upon issuance of the $750 million notes due August 15
&#8211; We purchase certain raw materials which are subject to price volatility caused by weather
 market conditions
 growing and harvesting conditions
 governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. In 2018
 our most significant raw materials were dairy products
 pepper
 vanilla
 garlic
 capsicums (red peppers and paprika)
 onion
 rice and wheat flour. While future movements of raw material costs are uncertain
 we respond to this volatility in a number of ways
 including strategic raw material purchases
 purchases of raw material for future delivery and customer price adjustments. We generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose
&#8211; The customers of our consumer segment are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs
The following table reflects a summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of November&#160;30
Long-term debt
4
1
2
1
6
1
1
2
Other purchase obligations consist of services agreements
Pension and postretirement funding can vary significantly each year due to changes in legislation
 our significant assumptions and investment return on plan assets. As a result
We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of November&#160;30
In preparing the financial statements
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses reported. These estimates can also affect supplemental information   disclosed by us
 including information about contingencies
 risk and financial condition. We believe
 given current facts and circumstances
 our estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 adhere to U.S. GAAP and are consistently applied. Inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates
 and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. In preparing the financial statements
 we make routine estimates and judgments in determining the net realizable value of accounts receivable
 inventory
In several of our major geographic markets
 the consumer segment sells our products by entering into annual or multi-year customer contracts. These contracts include provisions for items such as sales discounts
 marketing allowances and performance incentives. These items are recognized based on certain estimated criteria
 such as sales volume of indirect customers
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
 future economic and market conditions
Our reporting units are the same as our operating segments. We estimate the fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model. Our discounted cash flow model calculates fair value by present valuing future expected cash flows of our reporting units using our internal cost of capital as the discount rate. We then compare this fair value to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value
 then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value.  As of November&#160;30
 2018
 we had $4
527.9 million of goodwill recorded in our balance sheet ($3
398.9 million in the consumer segment and $1
Our fiscal year 2018 testing indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units were significantly in excess of their carrying values. Accordingly
As of November 30
 2018
 we had $2
646.9 million of brand name assets and trademarks recorded in our balance sheet
 and none of the balances exceeded their estimated fair values at that date. Excluding the brand names associated with the 2017 RB Foods acquisition
 and those brand names discussed below
 the percentage excess of estimated fair value over book values for our major brand names and trademarks was 25% or more as of November 30
The following table outlines the book value of our major brand names and trademarks as of November&#160;30
RB Foods (French's
 Frank's RedHot
2
2
The percentage excess of estimated fair value over book value for the Kamis and Stubb's brand names as of November 30
 2018
 was approximately 19% and 11%
The brand names and trademarks related to recent acquisitions (in particular
 our most recent &#8211; and most significant &#8211; acquisition
 RB Foods) may be more susceptible to future impairment as their carrying values represent recently determined fair values. A change in assumptions with respect to future performance of these recently acquired businesses
 or a change in other assumptions
 including those effected by rising interest rates
We estimate income taxes and file tax returns in each of the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate and are required to file a tax return. At the end of each year
 an estimate for income taxes is recorded in the financial statements. Tax returns are generally filed in the third or fourth quarter of the subsequent year. A reconciliation of the estimate to the final tax return is done at that time which will result in changes to the original estimate. We believe that our tax return positions are appropriately supported
 but tax authorities may challenge certain positions. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions in accordance with the GAAP guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. We believe that our reserve for uncertain tax positions
 including related interest
paid upon resolution of audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and
 therefore
 could have a material impact on our tax provision
 net income and cash flows. We have recorded valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. In doing so
 we have considered future taxable income and tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. Both future taxable income and tax planning strategies include a number of estimates. In addition
 interpretative guidance continues to be issued in connection with the U.S. Tax Act enacted in December 2017. While we have considered available guidance
Pension and other postretirement plans&#8217; costs require the use of assumptions for discount rates
 investment returns
 projected salary increases
 mortality rates and health care cost trend rates. The actuarial assumptions used in our pension and postretirement benefit reporting are reviewed annually and compared with external benchmarks to ensure that they appropriately account for our future pension and postretirement benefit obligations. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate
We will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of mortality and other assumptions used in the measurement of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. In addition
We are also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. We maintain a system of internal control that is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the fair and reliable preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial statements
Our control environment is the foundation for our system of internal control over financial reporting and is embodied in our Business Ethics Policy. It sets the tone of our organization and includes factors such as integrity and ethical values. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by formal policies and procedures which are reviewed
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
 which is composed solely of independent directors
 meets periodically with members of management
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). This assessment included review of the documentation of controls
 evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls
 testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this assessment. Although there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting
 based on our assessment
 we have concluded with reasonable assurance that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of November&#160;30
Our internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
Chairman
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We have audited McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2018
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated (the Company) maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30
 2018
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of November 30
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated income statements
 statements of comprehensive income
 statements of cash flows and statements of shareholders&#8217; equity for each of the three years in the period ended November 30
 2018
 and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at item 15(2) and our report dated January 24
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Baltimore
January&#160;24
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
 Incorporated (the Company) as of November&#160;30
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated income statements
 statements of comprehensive income
 statements of cash flows and statements of shareholders&#8217; equity for each of the three years in the period ended November&#160;30
 2018
 and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at item 15(2) (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at November 30
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 30
 2018
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of November&#160;30
 2018
 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated January&#160;24
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
Baltimore
January&#160;24
5
4
4
3
2
2
2
2
1
Selling
1
1
1
Other income
Unrealized components of pension and other postretirement plans (including curtailment gains of $18.0 and $76.7 for 2018 and 2017
Trade accounts receivable
1
1
Property
 plant and equipment
4
4
Intangible assets
2
3
10
10
2
1
4
4
1
7
7
Common stock
2018&#8211;9.6 shares
Common stock non-voting
 no par value; authorized 320.0 shares; issued and outstanding: 2018&#8211;122.5 shares
1
1
1
1
3
2
10
10
(4
Proceeds from sale of property
(4
Short-term borrowings
3
3
Balance
 November 30
1
1
1
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Shares issued
Balance
 November 30
1
1
1
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance
 November 30
1
1
2
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance
 November 30
1
1
3
The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates
 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
that is
Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date
 with the resultant translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of those affiliates. Income and expense items of those affiliates are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. We record our ownership share of the net assets and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated balance sheet on the lines entitled &#8220;Investments and other assets&#8221; and &#8220;Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
Property
Property
&#32;years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
&#32;years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized 
&#32;of software development costs during 2018
 2017 and 2016
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist
&#32;upon either shipment or delivery
&#32;and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and rebates
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was 
 
 
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S.&#160;We contribute to defined contribution plans in locations outside the U.S.
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
In February 2018
Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018
referred to herein as the U.S. Tax Act) enacted in December 2017. We early adopted this new accounting pronouncement effective December 1
In July 2015
&#32;This guidance is intended to simplify the subsequent measurement of inventories by replacing the current lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost and net realizable value test. We adopted ASU No. 2015-11 effective December 1
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 
 which supersedes previously existing revenue recognition guidance. Under this new guidance
 companies will apply a principles-based five-step model to recognize revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The model encompasses the following steps: (1) determination of whether a contract - an agreement between two or more parties that creates legally enforceable rights and obligations - exists; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognition of revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. The new revenue recognition guidance allows companies to account for shipping and handling activities that occur before and after the customer has obtained control of a product as fulfillment activities rather than as a promised service. We intend to apply this accounting policy election. In addition
this standard will not have an effect on the timing of our revenue recognition. This new standard will be effective beginning in fiscal year 2019 and may be applied using a full retrospective method or a modified retrospective transition method. We will adopt ASU No 2014-09 using the full retrospective method on December 1
 2018
Upon adoption of the new ASU in fiscal 2019
 we plan to make the following changes to our revenue recognition accounting policy and disclosure practices. We will classify shipping and handling expenses as a component of cost of goods sold rather than our current practice of recording these costs as a component of selling
 general and administrative expense. Also
 we will classify all payments to direct and indirect customers
 including certain trade funds used for cooperative advertising and displays
 as a reduction of revenue. Currently
 certain of those payments are presented as brand marketing support costs and included as a component of selling
 general and administrative expense. While there will be no effect on operating income
 net income
 or basic and diluted earnings per share upon our adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 in 2019
&#32;for each of the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016; (ii) an increase in cost of goods sold by 
 
&#32;in the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; and (iii) a decrease in selling
&#32;for the year ended November 30
&#32;for the year ended November 30
&#32;for the year ended November 30
In March 2017
This guidance revises how employers that sponsor defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans present the net periodic benefit cost in their income statement and requires that the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost be presented in the same income statement line items as other employee compensation costs from services rendered during the period. Of the components of net periodic benefit cost
 only the service cost component will be eligible for asset capitalization. The other components of the net periodic benefit cost must be presented separately from the line items that include the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income on the income statement. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2019 and will be applied on a retrospective basis. Adoption of the new standard will solely impact classification within our Consolidated Statements of Income
 with no change to net income or basic and diluted earnings per share. We expect the following annual income statement reclassifications upon our adoption of ASU No. 2017-07 on December 1
 2018
 the beginning of our fiscal year 2019: (i) an increase (decrease) in cost of goods sold by 
&#32;for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; (ii) an increase (decrease) in selling
 general and administrative expense by 
&#32;for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; (iii) an increase (decrease) in operating income by 
 
&#32;for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively; and (iv) an increase (decrease) in income included in the income statement caption Other income (expense), net by 
 
&#32;for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
In August 2017
This guidance eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness and generally requires
 for qualifying hedges
 the entire change in the fair value of a hedging instrument to be presented in the same income statement line as the hedged item. The guidance also modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness
 eases documentation and assessment requirements and modifies certain disclosure requirements. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2020. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period or fiscal year before the effective date for all entities. We expect to adopt this guidance effective December 1
In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16
. The ASU eliminates the deferral of the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory. As a result
 the tax expense from the intercompany sale of assets
 other than inventory
 and associated changes to deferred taxes will be recognized when the sale occurs even though the pre-tax effects of the transaction have not been recognized. This new standard will be effective beginning in fiscal year 2019 and is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of December 1
 2018
In January 2017
This guidance changes the definition of a business to assist entities in evaluating when a set of transferred assets and activities constitutes a business. The guidance requires an entity to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets; if so
The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
In August 2018
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) adopted the final rule under SEC Release No. 33-10532&#160;
 to eliminate or modify certain disclosure rules that are redundant
 outdated
 or duplicative of U.S. GAAP or other regulatory requirements. Among other changes
 the amendments eliminated the annual requirement to disclose the high and low trading prices of our common stock. In addition
 the amendments provide that disclosure requirements related to the analysis of shareholders' equity are expanded for interim financial statements. An analysis of the changes in each caption of shareholders' equity presented in the balance sheet must be provided in a note or separate statement
 as well as the amount of dividends per share for each class of shares. This rule was effective on November 5
 2018; and the expanded interim disclosure requirements for changes in shareholders' equity will be effective for us for our quarterly reporting in the year ending November 30
In January 2017
This guidance eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill of a reporting unit to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 a company will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2021. Early adoption is permitted for all entities for annual and interim goodwill impairment testing dates after January 1
 2017. While we are still evaluating the timing of adoption
In February 2016
(ASC 840) for both lessees and lessors. Our leases principally relate to: (i) certain real estate
 including that related to a number of administrative
 distribution and manufacturing locations
 and
 beginning in May 2018
 to our new headquarters building; (ii) certain machinery and equipment
 including a corporate airplane and automobiles; and (iii) certain software. The new guidance in ASU No. 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The lease liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments and the right-of-use asset will be based on the lease liability
 subject to adjustment such as for initial direct costs. For income statement purposes
 the new standard retains a dual model similar to ASC 840
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. For lessees
 operating leases will result in straight-line expense (similar to current accounting by lessees for operating leases under ASC 840) while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern (similar to current accounting by lessees for capital leases under ASC 840). In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#160;
 which provides an additional transition method that allows entities to initially apply the new standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption without restating prior periods. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2020. We intend to adopt the requirements of the new standard via a cumulative-effect adjustment without restating prior periods. Based on our assessment to date
On August 17
 2017
 we completed the acquisition of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Division (RB Foods) from Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. The purchase price was approximately 
. In December 2017
 we paid 

 which are a natural strategic fit with our robust global branded flavor portfolio. We believe that these additions move us to a leading position in the attractive U.S. Condiments category and provide significant international growth opportunities for our consumer and flavor solutions segments. At the time of the acquisition
. The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and
 accordingly
The purchase price of RB Foods was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We estimated the fair values based on independent valuations
 discounted cash flow analyses
 quoted market prices
During 2018
 we completed the final valuation of the RB Foods acquisition which resulted in the following fair value allocations
 net of cash acquired
Property
2
2
4
209.9
 decreased definite-lived intangible assets by 
 decreased deferred taxes by 
 increased other assets and liabilities
 net
$2
. We valued brand names and trademarks using the relief from royalty method
 an income approach. For customer relationships
 we used the distributor method
 a variation of the excess earnings method that uses distributor-based inputs for margins and contributory asset charges. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in developing the valuations included the estimated annual net cash flows for each indefinite-lived or definite-lived intangible asset (including net sales
 cost of products sold
 selling and marketing costs
 and working capital/contributory asset charges)
 the royalty rates
 the discount rates that appropriately reflect the risks inherent in each future cash flow stream
 the assessment of each asset&#8217;s life cycle
 and competitive trends
 as well as other factors. We determined the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data
 supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions
 estimated product category growth rates
 management plans
We valued finished goods and work-in-process inventory using a net realizable value approach
The fair value of property
 plant and equipment was determined using a combination of the income approach
 the market approach and the cost approach
 which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the asset as new
 less depreciation attributable to physical
 functional
We used carrying values to value trade receivables and payables
 as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities
As a result of the acquisition
$2
&#32;of goodwill. That goodwill
 which is not deductible for tax purposes
 primarily represents the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
 such as the value of leveraging our brand building expertise
 our insights in demand from consumer and flavor solutions customers for value-added flavor solutions
 and our supply chain capabilities
 as well as expected synergies from the combined operations and assembled workforce. 
&#32;represented transaction expenses and integration expenses
&#32;that is included in cost of goods sold for 2017; outside advisory
 service and consulting costs; employee-related costs; and other costs related to the acquisition
&#32;for 2017. The impact of RB Foods on our 2017 consolidated income before taxes
 including the effect of the transaction and integration expenses previously noted
The following unaudited pro forma information presents consolidated financial information as if RB Foods had been acquired at the beginning of fiscal 2016. Interest expense has been adjusted to reflect the debt issued to finance the acquisition as though that debt had been outstanding at December 1
 2015. The pro forma results reflect amortization expense of approximately&#160;
 relating to definite-lived intangible assets recorded based upon third-party valuations. The pro forma results for 2016 also include transaction and integration costs of 
&#160;of amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories
&#32;associated with the bridge financing commitment
 all assuming that the acquisition had occurred as of December 1
 2015. The pro forma results for 2017 exclude the previously noted items
 as they have been included
 on a pro forma basis
(in millions
Year ended November 30
5
4
These unaudited pro forma consolidated results are not adjusted for changes in the business that will take place subsequent to our acquisition
 including
 but not limited to
 additional transaction and integration costs that have or may be incurred. Accordingly
 the above unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of December 1
 2015
On September 21
 2018
&#32;In conjunction with our purchase of this remaining 10% minority interest
On May 5
 2017
&#32;ownership interest in our joint venture
 Kohinoor Specialty Foods India Private Limited (Kohinoor) in India for a cash payment of 
&#32;was paid in 2017 and the balance was paid in 2018. In September 2011
 when we originally entered this joint venture
&#32;minority interest in 2017
&#32;payments are reflected in the financing activities section of our consolidated cash flow statement for 2018 and 2017
On December 15
 2016
 we purchased 100% of the shares of Enrico Giotti SpA (Giotti)
 a leading European flavor manufacturer located in Italy
). The acquisition was funded with cash and short-term borrowings. Giotti is well known in the industry for its innovative beverage
 sweet
 savory and dairy flavor applications. At the time of the acquisition
. Our acquisition of Giotti in fiscal 2017 expands the breadth of value-added products for McCormick's flavor solutions segment
On April 19
 2016
 we completed the purchase of 100% of the shares of Botanical Food Company
 Pty Ltd
 owner of the Gourmet Garden brand of packaged herbs (Gourmet Garden)
 a privately held company based in Australia. Gourmet Garden is a global market leader in chilled convenient packaged herbs. Gourmet Garden's products complement our existing branded herb portfolio with the addition of chilled convenient herbs located in the perimeter of the grocery store. We plan to drive sales of the Gourmet Garden brand by expanding global distribution and building awareness with increased brand investment. At the time of acquisition
 annual sales of Gourmet Garden were approximately 
&#32;and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. Gourmet Garden has been included in our consumer segment since its acquisition. While this business has a flavor solutions component
 the flavor solutions component was not material to its overall business in 2016. Beginning in 2017
In 2017
&#32;to our sales for the year and first four months of fiscal 2017
 respectively. Due to financing
 acquisition and integration costs
In our consolidated income statement
 we include a separate line item captioned &#8220;special charges&#8221; in arriving at our consolidated operating income. Special charges consist of expenses
 including related impairment charges
 associated with certain actions undertaken to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness and are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/structural impact to require advance approval by our Management Committee
 comprised of our senior management
 including our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer. Upon presentation of any such proposed action (generally including details with respect to estimated costs
 which typically consist principally of employee severance and related benefits
 together with ancillary costs associated with the action that may include a non-cash component
 such as an asset impairment
 or a component which relates to inventory adjustments that are included in cost of goods sold; impacted employees or operations; expected timing; and expected savings) to the Management Committee and the Committee&#8217;s advance approval
 expenses associated with the approved action are classified as special charges upon recognition and monitored on an on-going basis through completion. Certain ancillary expenses related to these actions approved by our Management Committee do not qualify for accrual upon approval but are included as special charges as incurred during the course of the actions. In 2018
 we also included in special charges
 as approved by our Management Committee
 expense associated with a one-time payment
 made to eligible U.S. hourly employees
 to distribute a portion of the non-recurring net income tax benefit recognized in connection with the enactment of the U.S. Tax Act and as more fully described in note 12.
We continue to evaluate changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
During 2018
&#32;of special charges
&#32;related to our global enablement initiative
 as more fully described below; (ii) a one-time payment
&#32;in special charges recognized in 2018 related to our GE initiative
&#32;related to third party expenses
&#32;represented a non-cash asset impairment charge
&#32;related to employee severance benefits. That non-cash asset impairment charge was related to the write-off of certain software assets that are incompatible with our future move
 approved in 2018
&#32;in special charges recorded during 2018
&#32;represented a non-cash asset impairment
During 2017
&#32;of special charges
&#32;related to third party expenses incurred associated with our evaluation of changes relating to our global enablement initiative
&#32;for severance and other exit costs associated with our Europe
 Middle East
During 2017
 our Management Committee approved a multi-year initiative during which we expect to execute significant changes to our global processes
 capabilities and operating model to provide a scalable platform for future growth. We expect this initiative to enable us to accelerate our ability to work globally and cross-functionally by aligning and simplifying processes throughout McCormick
 in part building upon our current shared services foundation and expanding the end-to-end processes presently under that foundation. We expect this initiative
 which we refer to as Global Enablement (GE)
 to enable this scalable platform for future growth while reducing costs
 enabling faster decision making
While we are continuing to fully develop the details of our GE operating model
 we expect the cost of the GE initiative&#8212;to be recognized as &#8220;Special charges&#8221; in our consolidated income statement over its multi-year course&#8212;to range from approximately 
 we estimate that approximately half will be attributable to each employee severance and related benefit payments and cash payments associated with related costs of GE implementation and transition
&#32;of special charges associated with our GE initiative during 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The GE initiative is expected to generate annual savings
 ranging from approximately 
During 2016
&#32;of special charges
&#32;related to additional organization and streamlining actions associated with our EMEA region
&#32;associated with the exit from our consolidated  joint venture in South Africa
&#32;for employee severance actions and other exit costs related to the discontinuance of non-profitable product lines of our Kohinoor business in India
&#32;leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand
&#32;for employee severance actions and related costs associated with our North American effectiveness initiative
 which began in 2015. The remainder principally related to other streamlining actions in 2016
 as approved by our Management Committee
 in our operations in North America
In 2016
 we exited our consolidated joint venture in South Africa and recognized special charges of 
&#32;of goodwill upon the receipt of regulatory approval to terminate the joint venture in the fourth quarter of 2016. As part of the negotiated agreement related to the exit
In 2016
 our Management Committee approved a plan
 to construct a new manufacturing facility in Thailand to replace two leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand for our Asia/Pacific region. In 2018
 we opened the new manufacturing facility in Thailand
As of November 30
 2018
4
4
2
2
7
7
7
7
627.7
 
 
November 30
 2018
3
1
1
1
3
1
3
1
$1
&#32;of goodwill to the consumer and flavor solutions segment
November 30
 2018
 
 
&#32;interest in McCormick de Mexico
&#32;of income from unconsolidated operations in 2018
As of November 30
 2018
Our outstanding debt
 including capital leases
Other
Unamortized discounts
 premiums
4
4
4
4
The term loans are prepayable in whole or in part. Also
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2015
&#32;during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2017
Maturities of long-term debt
 including capital leases
 during the fiscal years subsequent to November&#160;30
1
2
In connection with our acquisition of RB Foods
-year senior unsecured term loans
$1
&#32;of the initial principal amount
in whole or in part. In 2018 and 2017
 we repaid 
 respectively
 of the three-year loan. In 2018
&#32;of the five-year loan
. In 2017
 we repaid 
-year loan
&#32;revolving credit facility and the Term Loan restrict subsidiary indebtedness and require us to maintain certain minimum and maximum financial ratios for interest expense coverage and our leverage ratio. The applicable leverage ratio is reduced annually. As of November 30
 2018
 our capacity under the revolving credit facility is not affected by these covenants. We do not expect that these covenants would limit our access to our revolving credit facility for the foreseeable future; however
In August 2017
&#32;due August 15
 2022
&#32;due August 15
 2024
&#32;due August 15
&#32;due August 15
 2047 with stated fixed interest rates of 
 
 
$2
. The net proceeds from this issuance were used to partially fund our acquisition of RB Foods.  In addition
 we used a portion of these proceeds to repay our 
&#32;notes that matured on December 15
&#32;for the year ended November 30
 2017 represents the financing fees related to a bridge loan commitment
 obtained in connection with our acquisition of RB Foods
&#32;revolving credit facility
 which will expire in August 2022. The current pricing for the credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
. This credit facility supports our commercial paper program and
&#32;was used to support issued commercial paper
&#32;of capacity at November 30
 2018. In addition
 we have several uncommitted lines totaling 
November 30
. These lines by their nature can be withdrawn based on the lenders&#8217; discretion. Committed credit facilities require a fee
&#32;for 2018 and 2017
In 2018
 we consolidated our Corporate staff and certain non-manufacturing U.S. employees into our new headquarters building in Hunt Valley
&#160;monthly lease payment is subject to adjustment after an initial 60-month period and thereafter on an annual basis as specified in the lease agreement. Upon commencement of fit-out in the second quarter of 2018
 we obtained access to the building
 which resulted in the lease commencement date for accounting purposes. We have recognized this lease as a capital lease
&#32;included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
&#32;included in long-term debt as of November 30
 2018. During 2018
 we recognized amortization expense of 
November 30
 2018
November 30
 2018
November 30
We use derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. We are not a party to master netting arrangements
We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
 transactions and earnings denominated in foreign currencies. We selectively hedge the potential effect of these foreign currency fluctuations by entering into foreign currency exchange contracts with highly-rated financial institutions. At November 30
 2018
&#32;at November 30
Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from contracts that are designated as hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
&#32;at November 30
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. During fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016
&#32;loss
&#32;loss
 respectively
 on the change in fair value of these contracts
&#32;gain
&#32;gain
 respectively
 on the change in the currency component of the underlying loans. All of the losses and the gains for both fiscal years were recognized in our consolidated income statement as other income
At November 30
 2018
&#32;days that are used to hedge short-term cash flow funding. At November 30
 2018
We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
. These swaps
 which expire in November 2025
The following tables disclose the derivative instruments on our balance sheet
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2018
Other income
Other income
4
4
4
4
Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
At November 30
 2018
$3
&#32;determined using Level 1 and Level 2 valuation techniques
 respectively. At November 30
 2017
$3
$1
&#32;determined using Level 1 and Level 2 valuation techniques
Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
November 30
 2018
We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer segment are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs
 discount chains and e-commerce. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. We generally have a large and diverse customer base which limits our concentration of credit risk. At November 30
 2018
Fair value can be measured using valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
&#32;&#160;&#160;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
At November 30
 2018 and 2017
The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
&#160;of other comprehensive income
postretirement plans
 from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings effective December 1
Net
Net
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S. We contribute to defined contribution plans in locations outside the U.S.
During fiscal years 2018 and 2017
On December 1
 2017
 our Management Committee approved the freezing of benefits under our pension plans in Canada. The effective date of this freeze is November 30
 2019. Although those plans will be frozen
 employees who are participants in the plans will retain benefits accumulated up to the date of the freeze
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
On December 1
 2016
 our Management Committee approved the freezing of benefits under the McCormick U.K. Pension and Life Assurance Scheme (the U.K. plan). The effective date of this freeze was December 31
 2016. Although the U.K. plan has been frozen
 employees who are participants in that plan retained benefits accumulated up to the date of the freeze
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
On January 3
 2017
 our Management Committee approved the freezing of benefits under the McCormick Pension Plan
 the defined benefit pension plan available to U.S. employees hired on or prior to December 31
 2011. The effective date of this freeze was November 30
 2018. Employees who are participants in that plan retained benefits accumulated up to the date of the freeze
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
On January 3
 2017
 the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved the freezing of benefits under the McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;SERP&#8221;). The effective date of this freeze was January 31
 2017. Executives who are participants in the SERP as of the date of the freeze
 including certain named executive officers
 retained benefits accumulated up to that date
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
As a result of these changes
 we remeasured pension assets and benefit obligations as of the dates of the approvals indicated above and (i) in fiscal year 2018
; and (ii) in fiscal year 2017
 we reduced the U.S. and U.K. plan benefit obligations by 
 respectively. These remeasurements resulted in non-cash
&#32;for fiscal years 2018 and 2017
 respectively. These net actuarial gains consist principally of curtailment gains of 
 which are included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss) on the line entitled Unrealized components of pension plans. Deferred taxes associated with these actuarial gains
 together with other unrealized components of pension plans recognized during 2018 and 2017
November 30
Annually
 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
A rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&#8217; funded status as of November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:
 respectively
 related to the SERP. Those amounts also represent the accumulated benefit obligation related to the SERP. The assets related to this plan
November 30
 2018
 respectively
As part of our acquisition of RB Foods in August 2017
 we assumed a defined benefit pension plan that covers eligible union employees of the Reckitt Benckiser food business (the RB Foods Union Pension Plan). The related plan assets and benefit obligation of the RB Foods Union Pension Plan are included in the U.S. in the preceding table. As noted in the preceding table
 at the acquisition date
 the funded status of that plan was 
. At the date of acquisition
 based upon a preliminary valuation
. During 2018
 we finalized the purchase accounting valuation for this plan which improved the funded status of this plan by 
&#32;at the date of acquisition. Plan assets consist of a mix of equities
 fixed income funds and real estate funds. During 2018 and 2017
 we made contributions of 
 respectively
November 30
 2018
November 30
 2018
The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
The allocations of U.S. pension plan assets as of November 30
 by asset category
The allocations of the international pension plans&#8217; assets as of November 30
 by asset category
The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
This category comprises limited partnerships funds investing in senior loans
For the plans&#8217; hedge funds
 private equity funds and private debt funds
an independent accountant
November 30
 2018
 respectively. Dividends paid on these shares were 
For the U.S. defined contribution retirement plan
&#32;of the participant&#8217;s salary
&#32;of the participant&#8217;s salary. In addition
 we make contributions of 
 
 
At the participant&#8217;s election
&#32;shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of 
November 30
 2018
&#32;years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&#160;31
During 2017
On August 23
 2017
 our Management Committee approved changes to our postretirement medical benefits plan for eligible U.S. employees and retirees (employees hired after December 31
 2008 are not eligible for the subsidy).&#160;These changes included consolidating benefits providers and simplifying and reducing our subsidy for postretirement medical benefits. The effective date of the change in our subsidy was January 1
On August 23
 2017
 our Management Committee approved the elimination of life insurance benefits under our other postretirement benefit plan to eligible U.S. active employees (that life insurance benefit was available to U.S. employees hired on or prior to December 31
 2008). The effective date of this plan amendment was January 1
 2018
 unless an employee committed to their retirement date by December 31
 2017 and retired on or before December 31
As a result of these changes
 we remeasured the other postretirement benefit obligation as of August 23
 2017
.&#160;These remeasurements resulted in an aggregate non-cash
 pre-tax net prior service cost credit of 
 which is included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for 2017
 as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss) on the line entitled Unrealized components of pension and other postretirement plans. Deferred taxes associated with these aggregate prior service cost credits
 together with other unrealized components of pension plans recognized during 2017
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follow:
For 2018
&#32;types of stock-based compensation awards: restricted stock units (RSUs)
 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our long-term performance plan (LTPP). Total stock-based compensation expense for 
 
 
November 30
November 30
 2018
&#32;shares remaining available for future issuance under our RSUs
For all awards
RSUs are valued at the market price of the underlying stock
 discounted by foregone dividends
-year term or
 if earlier
-year period or
 if earlier
-year period. Upon exercise of the option
 shares are issued from our authorized and unissued shares.
 
 
Under our stock option plans
November 30
 2018
. At November 30
 2018
 the differences between options outstanding and options expected to vest and their related weighted-average exercise prices
November 30
 2018
 
 
November 30
In December 2017
 President Trump signed into law Pub.L. 115-97
 &#8220;An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018&#8221; (this legislation is referred to herein as the &#8220;U.S. Tax Act&#8221;). The U.S. Tax Act provides for significant changes in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. Certain provisions of the U.S. Tax Act were effective during our fiscal year ended November 30
 2018 with all provisions of the U.S. Tax Act effective as of the beginning of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2019. The U.S. Tax Act contains provisions with separate effective dates but is generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31
Beginning on January 1
 2018
&#160;and is reflected as a reduction in our income tax expense in our results for the year ended November 30
 2018. The U.S. Tax Act imposes a one-time transition tax on post-1986 earnings of non-U.S. affiliates that have not been repatriated for purposes of U.S. federal income tax
. In addition to this transition tax
 we have incurred additional foreign withholding taxes
 net of a U.S. foreign tax credit
&#160;associated with previously unremitted prior year earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were no longer considered indefinitely reinvested at January 1
 2018
 and were subsequently distributed during fiscal 2018
&#160;reduction in our fiscal 2018 income taxes as a consequence of the transition tax
 both of which we have recognized as a component of our income tax expense for the year ended November 30
. The cash tax effects of the transition tax
&#32;of foreign tax credits carried forward from the prior year as well as other items
State income taxes
Other
1
1
(1
November 30
 2018
. Of these carryforwards
&#32;expire in 2019
&#32;from 2020 through 2021
At November 30
 2018
&#32;net increase in the valuation allowance from November 30
 2017 to November 30
Historically
 we have not provided deferred income taxes on the cumulative undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries. During fiscal 2018
&#32;of income tax expense in fiscal 2018. Our intent is to continue to reinvest the remaining undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries indefinitely. While federal income tax expense has been recognized as a result of the U.S. Tax Act
 we have not provided any additional deferred taxes with respect to items such as foreign withholding taxes
As of November 30
 2018
 if recognized 
&#32;in 2018
 2017 and 2016
November 30
 2018
 we had accrued 
 respectively
Tax settlements or statute of limitation expirations could result in a change to our uncertain tax positions.  We believe that the reasonably possible total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30
 2018 that could decrease in the next 12 months as a result of various statute expirations
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits vary depending on the tax jurisdictions. In the U.S federal jurisdiction
 we are no longer subject to income tax audits by taxing authorities for years before 2015. In other major jurisdictions
We are under normal recurring tax audits in the U.S. and in several jurisdictions outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
13.&#160;&#160;CAPITAL STOCK
&#32;of the vote entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the company and the sale of substantially all of our assets
During 2017
&#32;shares of our common stock non-voting in connection with our acquisition of RB Foods (see note 2)
&#32;shares from the exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The net proceeds from this issuance
 after the underwriting discount and related expenses
During the normal course of our business
November 30
 2018
 no material reserves were recorded. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss are inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However
We operate in two business segments: consumer and flavor solutions. The consumer and flavor solutions segments manufacture
 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail channels
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores
 and e-commerce under the &#8220;McCormick&#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &#8220;French's
&#8221; &#8220;Frank's RedHot
&#8221; &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Simply Asia
&#8221; &#8220;Thai Kitchen
&#8221; &#8220;Ducros
&#8221; &#8220;Vahin&#233;
&#8221; &#8220;Schwartz
&#8221; &#8220;Club House
&#8221; &#8220;Kamis
&#8221; &#8220;Kohinoor
In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
Historically we have measured segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges as this activity is managed separately from the business segments. Beginning in 2017
 we also exclude transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisition of RB Foods from our measure of segment performance as these expenses are similarly managed separately from the business segments. These transaction and integration expenses excluded from our segment performance measure include the amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories that is included in cost of goods sold
 costs directly associated with that acquisition and costs associated with integrating the RB Foods business. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer segment customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for approximately 
our flavor solutions segment customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
3
2
5
5
10
10
2
1
4
4
10
10
2
1
4
4
4
4
A reconciliation of operating income excluding special charges
 and for 2018 and 2017
 transaction and integration expenses
 to operating income for 2018
3
1
1
5
6
1
8
2
1
4
6
1
8
2
4
1
2
Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets
Supplemental income statement
Property
(1
(1
056.8
&#32;in 2018
&#32;in 2017
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of transaction and integration expenses
&#32;of non-recurring income tax benefit related to enactment of the U.S. Tax Act
&#32;for basic and diluted earnings per share
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of transaction and integration expenses
&#32;for basic and diluted earnings per share
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of transaction and integration expenses
&#32;of non-recurring income tax benefit related to enactment of the U.S. Tax Act
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of transaction and integration expenses
&#32;of non-recurring income tax expense related to enactment of the U.S. Tax Act
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of transaction and integration expenses
&#32;reflected in other debt costs. For the third quarter of 2017
&#32;for basic and diluted earnings per share
&#32;of special charges
&#32;of transaction and integration expenses
&#32;reflected in gross profit
See notes 2 and 3 for details with respect to the transaction and integration expenses and actions undertaken in connection with these special charges
Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore
Our management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;BUSINESS SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC AREAS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Business Segments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We operate in two business segments: consumer and flavor solutions. The consumer and flavor solutions segments manufacture, market and distribute spices, seasoning mixes, condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail channels, including grocery, mass merchandise, warehouse clubs, discount and drug stores, and e-commerce under the &amp;#8220;McCormick&amp;#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world, including &amp;#8220;French's,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Frank's RedHot,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Lawry&amp;#8217;s,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Zatarain&amp;#8217;s,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Simply Asia,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Thai Kitchen,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Ducros,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Vahin&amp;#233;,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Schwartz,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Club House,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Kamis,&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;Kohinoor,&amp;#8221; DaQiao
 Drogheria &amp;amp; Alimentari
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates, over which we exercise significant influence, but not control, are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly, our share of net income or loss of unconsolidated affiliates is included in net income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Foreign Currency Translation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates, if located outside of the U.S., with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a separate component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions of these majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;that is, transactions denominated in other than their functional currency &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;are included in net earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date, with the resultant translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of those affiliates. Income and expense items of those affiliates are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. We record our ownership share of the net assets and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated balance sheet on the lines entitled &amp;#8220;Investments and other assets&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Accumulated other comprehensive loss,&amp;#8221; respectively. We record our ownership share of the net income of our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated income statement on the line entitled &amp;#8220;Income from unconsolidated operations.&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Preparation of financial statements that follow accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and notes. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;All highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are classified as cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in, first-out costing method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost and depreciated over its estimated useful life using the straight-line method for financial reporting and both accelerated and straight-line methods for tax reporting. The estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery, equipment and computer software. Assets leased under capital leases are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or their useful lives unless it is reasonable certain that we will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Computer Software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&amp;#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software, (2)&amp;#160;payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who work directly on the software development project and (3)&amp;#160;interest costs while developing the software. Capitalization of these costs stops when the project is substantially complete and ready for use. Software is amortized using the straight-line method over a range of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years, but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$21.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of software development costs during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and conduct tests of impairment on an annual basis as described below. We also test goodwill for impairment if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount and test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Separable intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over those lives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, assumed royalty rates, future economic and market conditions and determination of appropriate market comparables. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value, then we would determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill. An impairment charge would be recognized to the extent the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent the recorded indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Long-lived Asset Impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist, the loss would be calculated based on the excess of the asset&amp;#8217;s carrying value over its estimated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize revenue when we have an agreement with the customer &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; upon either shipment or delivery, depending upon contractual terms &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns, allowances and price discounts based on historical experience and contractual terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade allowances, consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and rebates, merchandising funds and consumer coupons, are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Revenue is recorded net of trade allowances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trade accounts receivable are amounts billed and currently due from customers. We have an allowance for doubtful accounts to reduce our receivables to their net realizable value. We estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of our receivables and our history of collections.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shipping and Handling&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$173.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$111.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$91.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$69.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$66.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$61.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Brand Marketing Support&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total brand marketing support costs, which are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the income statement, were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$324.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$276.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$252.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising, promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations, shopper marketing, social marketing activities, general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development, production and communication of advertisements through television, digital, print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$147.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$117.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$102.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Employee Benefit and Retirement Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition, we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S.&amp;#160;We contribute to defined contribution plans in locations outside the U.S., including government-sponsored retirement plans. We also currently provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain U.S. employees and retirees. During fiscal years 2018 and 2017 we made significant changes to our employee benefit and retirement plans as discussed in note 10.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet, with changes in the funded status recorded through other comprehensive income in the year in which those changes occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;The expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and a calculated value of plan assets referred to as the market-related value of plan assets. Differences between assumed and actual returns are amortized to the market-related value of assets on a straight-line basis over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:6px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use the corridor approach in the valuation of defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans. The corridor approach defers all actuarial gains and losses resulting from variances between actual results and actuarial assumptions. Those unrecognized gains and losses are amortized when the net gains and losses exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;&gt;10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the year. The amount in excess of the corridor is amortized over the average remaining service period to retirement date of active plan participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2018-02 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;This guidance allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from Pub.L. 115-97 An &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#222222;&gt;Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;referred to herein as the U.S. Tax Act) enacted in December 2017. We early adopted this new accounting pronouncement effective December 1, 2017. The adoption resulted in a reclassification of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings in 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2015-11 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; This guidance is intended to simplify the subsequent measurement of inventories by replacing the current lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost and net realizable value test. We adopted ASU No. 2015-11 effective December 1, 2017. The adoption of this new accounting pronouncement did not have a material impact on our financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#00539b;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements &amp;#8212; Pending Adoption&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:174%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#4472c4;font-style:italic;&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements to be adopted in fiscal year 2019:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, which supersedes previously existing revenue recognition guidance. Under this new guidance, companies will apply a principles-based five-step model to recognize revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The model encompasses the following steps: (1) determination of whether a contract - an agreement between two or more parties that creates legally enforceable rights and obligations - exists; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognition of revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. The new revenue recognition guidance allows companies to account for shipping and handling activities that occur before and after the customer has obtained control of a product as fulfillment activities rather than as a promised service. We intend to apply this accounting policy election. In addition, the new revenue guidance requires that customer payments be accounted for as a reduction in the transaction price unless the payment to a customer is in exchange for a distinct good or service. The adoption of this standard will not have an effect on the timing of our revenue recognition. This new standard will be effective beginning in fiscal year 2019 and may be applied using a full retrospective method or a modified retrospective transition method. We will adopt ASU No 2014-09 using the full retrospective method on December 1, 2018, the first day of our fiscal year 2019. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;Upon adoption of the new ASU in fiscal 2019, we plan to make the following changes to our revenue recognition accounting policy and disclosure practices. We will classify shipping and handling expenses as a component of cost of goods sold rather than our current practice of recording these costs as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. Also, we will classify all payments to direct and indirect customers, including certain trade funds used for cooperative advertising and displays, as a reduction of revenue. Currently, certain of those payments are presented as brand marketing support costs and included as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. While there will be no effect on operating income, net income, or basic and diluted earnings per share upon our adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 in 2019, we currently estimate the following income statement reclassifications to our historical results as a result of that adoption: (i) a reduction in annual net sales by approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$110 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for each of the years ended November 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016; (ii) an increase in cost of goods sold by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$173.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$111.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$91.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the years ended November 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; and (iii) a decrease in selling, general and administrative expense by an amount ranging from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$273.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$283.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended November 30, 2018; from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$211.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$221.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended November 30, 2017; and from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$191.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$201.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the year ended November 30, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-07 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;This guidance revises how employers that sponsor defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans present the net periodic benefit cost in their income statement and requires that the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost be presented in the same income statement line items as other employee compensation costs from services rendered during the period. Of the components of net periodic benefit cost, only the service cost component will be eligible for asset capitalization. The other components of the net periodic benefit cost must be presented separately from the line items that include the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income on the income statement. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30, 2019 and will be applied on a retrospective basis. Adoption of the new standard will solely impact classification within our Consolidated Statements of Income, with no change to net income or basic and diluted earnings per share. We expect the following annual income statement reclassifications upon our adoption of ASU No. 2017-07 on December 1, 2018, the beginning of our fiscal year 2019: (i) an increase (decrease) in cost of goods sold by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$(1.2) million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended November 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; (ii) an increase (decrease) in selling, general and administrative expense by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$(7.2) million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended November 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively; (iii) an increase (decrease) in operating income by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$(12.3) million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$(2.7) million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;, and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the years ended November 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively; and (iv) an increase (decrease) in income included in the income statement caption Other income (expense)

begin 644 a2018stockgraph.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  , @
 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]4Z*** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7E?[1G[07AO]F?X6ZAXU\42.T
++
M#:6

7B;3[?XF6NIW]C(-PTKQAI0M
MVN8Q@

C
^(4T GF-TQ-II<;<HTJJ0SR,
MOS/*X!#$XP&[S]C[]C^S_8IT+QJL?C.[\4:;JOD7K)-8K;K:F!)=[*0[;BZ








MOC2\^'SPZG8:E?VMK;W&GLK17ET(8HGDC*\
&E5L
=QRV?FH _H/+$?X5^*
M_PTU_P4Z^

Y#NCN
G@






M8*V#M/.*L^)_VWOVV_A?;VVJ^



J1^!KUW]




M2=#*[[V53YB/\_(L03D9Q0!Y?X8_X*+_M*?LT^/(-#^+NGW6MVJLK7&C^(




M+CF&*






MMO92XYABC!P\@_B+':I!7#'.W[9^._C^3X4_!;QSXQ@ :XT/1KN_MU8#:TR0





?!TMU)HTEQ+;*;R

M

MPCXNU#XA6%EI]YI=]#;VJ65C);!XVC+


)ET'^QK)7

7/[$_Q@\=^&_'4
]II
M$UI=0:A8-]^+4K

2_$#Q#





M /@J)\9!\)?V4]=L+6?R=9\62C0;;:?F\J0%KDX_NF%70^\BU^9GP[_9'?Q9


MP%K7]@ZXVMVMF;K[+!
\=:\2_P



MC7PQH/C&P\5:WK
,DCM,Z9ZJAKN'!)8=5-?J30!F:]KUA

2*6=V/8  G\*_(7X]?\ !5GXH?%#QHWA


MN-0.B6$TB@M;P1QQR2E#V\QI5![_ +K'0G(!\[7W[27[;GP)MU\2^)Y?&%GH

MWFGP
S07


W_!





6B+'\JQ1C&W!V\YR<_*'_!<W_FB?_<;_ /;
MO?/V&/\ E%WI'_8$\0_^EE]0!^;?_#T3]IO_ **9_P4'3/_ )&K]J_V:?B7
M+\8/@#X!\8W$RSWVKZ/;S7CH@13=!0D^%' 'FJ_ Z=.U?S\_ _X?M\2+CQMI
ML


M)#/I-U91V1^PVUMY2R)










M/





;]L[_@I

MQ?V]_9WV/^S[


:;Y]IY




MQS\;-H/P;TNX\.V



/!^C^/?#&I^'O$&


\ Z;XSE\&



M_#N%E92

M:T 97POU#6M2^&?A*\\0K-'KUQI%I+J*W$ AD%RT*&4/'@;&WELK@8.1@5^0


M_P!H#X


MK^S_ /L[V_B?P%K7]@ZXVMVMF;K[+!





XSL

1ULQ7(_NT ?#7@?]NS]M+XG_;?^$-UK

^1]J\S=R
M-O\ KDQ^/I7W-_P]\_9[_P?WQ#_ .AO_BJ 
/X


M?


5_GE@9SEY'/+'&<#@ 5^OM?@%_P5&_Y/J^)G
M_<,_]-=I7[^4 ?F#_P %._VR/B_^SS\?-!\.?#[Q?_8&C77AJWU:V_LRSN=
MT[7=W&S[IH7896*


2#JS.UD%4

M6-4_X*%_L\:;IMS=M\3M)NTAC=S!;++)+)@$E50)\Q/84 ?-G_!/C_@I)XG^
M.'Q$@^&WQ
6QN=8OX9)-*UFSA%N9I8T+O#
B_(45V5E\KC!R#7*?\ !2C]
MM3XR_ ']HJW\
^ _&7]@Z(VAVUX;7^R[*XS*\DP9MTT+MR$7C...E?.7_!._




*O^EV@W/[8GP[_L'XFP)\;CP_-/KZ/I@&R]$=]M5R\'




MR 1VQ794 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


[5Y:*09 &[[J




M)9ADF@#ZE_X)A^!KO0?V'?BQXDNDDB37VU#[-N^Z\
%F8_
'_;0S+_VSKY1_
SN]!U*WGC/1XVBVL#]02*_8VX^&.E?#?\ 9UU+P+X1
MT^1--TWP]<V%A:1@RRN?(<#.!EI&8Y/&2S'UK\MO^8/P&^)?P__ &KM+U?Q




/NS$L2TCKU4D*%.#@D C[

M4H\-?LJ_!2P\#Q_#F\UB^^V3WU[J


.=#UFUTV[T:30[LWKPV
M\4R1S^48_
9#$T.9

M9Z0V=M'*K+Y





1IWB_2+A/LJL^6$4JM&VTEC



M.;85$T]Q
S8PK-C?)MY.!DU^K7[&?[-R?LK_  +TGP8]U%?ZO)*^HZM=VX(B


D
M:XAMM47+2Q

.G%8'_!-/X!_$[P%^UUX8UKQ+\./%WAW2(;2_




N0 ]S'




@
OMR20W.L/<ZOY<G:.69O*(

-CC
MYHU_#-?T1:/I-IH.E66FZ?;1VEA9PI;P6\0PD4:*%10/0  5^*7_  3G_9]^
+=IURB[Y'CKEF51D]6 ZF@#
M[E_X=_L]_\ /CXB_P#!NW_Q-?1OP(^!/A;]G/P%'X/\'I=0Z+'<2W0%Y<&:








/_!9+X5Z3X/^.7AOQ;IJ
M?9[OQ7I\C7\*@!6FMV2

M\32SZGJ%PP&Z1Q
\

'9M3B6RN3 _G)<VT8)8 \;9GX]<5^W/QPL;O
M5?@KX_L;*VFOKVZ\/ZA!!:VZ%Y99&MI J(H&68G CDDU^%_P7\%_M3_ +//

MXHV(; XVQ)Q]:_*[_AI3_@H7_P! ?X@?^&XA_P#D&OIS]A/XV_M-^(?&'C.?





1OC_ 'XI1^ ]:^W_ (H?



M#]$G-U=+]V1&8M(RY!PVS;QD'@D'Z_\ ^9_[!6N? *ZOOB+\0K1+'Q=?6WV
M/3M)#K(=/MV(:1Y64E?-?K@?=4


4+$D#)'/RXH ^A_^XKH
M\OP7B#+YB#6F*[N0#]AP?IP?RKW[]AU'C_X)?Z0I!#?V'X@..N;N^(K\\8_



96&/EV$=!4G_!'O


B@#X;N66T

M


RYLPXY,9SGG- '!_\%.B+K]NGXE(^:6;
M34 3YB6&FVJD?7((^M?K/_P4?Y_8G^*?_7E;_P#I7#7YW?LA_L
_%']H;XT6



M_;Y\

^V:_'3]DC]J)_@C^SQ^T)X0GNVM-0U31UFTB-FV
MU(Z

/B5=VY^U:Q=KH



7F#(3)YQQZU]ET %?C;_P6R_Y+UX%_[%G_ -NI

M& ;!!VGG!% 'WK^Q/_R:3\(?^Q9LO_12U\
_\%N/!-RR_[Q?%7M$-YI-S-



ALC- '
22)^TU_P46\[00;G3M?\ '*R0
MS6XSFRCN S3C_MA$TGX&OZ :_/W_ ()N_P#!/_4/V?9I/B+\0HX5\;7D'D:=




CYWZY)-?J?_
M 


$J3V\OB.QDCDC8%74PW!



M@BKX-U31[&]/Q(UV(W
'_\ !2SX!_$[Q[^UUXGUKPU\

M\%6?V??B3X\_:6L-=\*^!O$WBK29_#UM']JT/2[B]CCE268-&3&C;& VM@_W

ZQN


^YL#/SR-^

M\/+I+%2LIEV!88O
&0F3SCCUKZ










:-XET/4/#VK07E^TEAJEK):SHK7
C*S1R*& (((R.A%?5=





_P!GFXL+

MC1X

M
$OAM\2/&N@VSLCZYI6A_PBMMY+*6<


G.WS(\D8.#AE+*2&&




DCH[B21
M $ B;)!)Y'![ 'JV*-H]*6D]: %I-HHHS0 ?A2;?:J&I:I;:-8W5_?745I86
ML33SW
SA(X8U!9G9CPH !))..*^1[C_@ICX2US4-0B\ ?#?XC_$S3-/D9+G6
MO#6@-+9C;C)5BV[&
GYE7MUS0!]C[12[1Z5XE^SO^UM\/OVFH=23PI=7MGK.

M$XC^T7&YF=CDA(T4%Y'(!.U03@$XX- ';TFT5XQ\$?VN/A;^T+J=_I7@KQ-]



%8_AYJEG%=


M:.L@B6:XW


!CD ]5VCKBG4E% !M'7O1M!ZC-+24 +24M% #=HSG'-.HHH
E+10 W:#VI<EHH 3:*H/49I:* $VCTI-H]*=10
M FT#H*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




$?#?AN.+AO&EU-)<ZI<QC$\=J(L*(ED#QA

^P- 'T1X-_:&_:U^/GA]O'_ 

M=-\47


MV$
8C((1H[=(WC)_O(R


$D;(P!#
.1D]:S?\ @DS.UA\#_'.A
MZA(B^)]

MWOQ&^[%P5EE ;C@^5)#QZ;3[4 ??%?BIXJL+KP?^T5^T!\:M*5IM0^&?Q)TN

M8B




M






M\?M.7'@G7/_P_T72?A^MQ#%XGUS4'=#=.&_TA+-I-VV
';N(;+J1G@@^6?


MV


N


:R.R

*OAU:



S+V#E?O?Q




\+_M67WQIT#67

M#OPJ_:#\







+!O#CW-Q

M!/F3YL$U=_X*5:]XDT?]E?X2:S\0K/3[3Q#9^/=/NM3M= =Y;8;(+YL0F0AC
M\BK]XCDFNS_X*%9_X6O^RCS_ 

M2[23L&6)76
%BJG*X(*$@BO2_&G[;WA[P;^RKX:^


MXX?MD?#7PM/\1/%/PY\!WWA*SC:\U+PUI5U.-4LK5!ND8R%V0LJY)*[_ +K'

MR
2#@FOI+]K#X_7/[


GER8 9D&
M-O\ $.E7=6^&7PE_::\(Z7X@UGPIX?\ &.EZM;175K?W-I'+*8V4%2LP&]3M



EH=!\$W3?Z+<R2H/,O)8
MNDP!P?FXQ-&#\N00Q\
&X_[3^S77AN^+1K,T<F0R1A7X;('W6!5BW
] &

21MW%

M;'&.?)3.16C_ 

2
CGF

Q [H

J*?4?87XZ\CU% %G_@



H!5-C/\HXW!3C@5]#_ ?QQ/\ $SX)^ O%ET5^




_[AG_ITM*YOXQ?M/:E^R?^QU\$O%NG:99:FFH+HFD7
M27B/B.W?3GE=TV

M.N1G=K7AS/O_ 
2JXH ]&^(WQT_:U\.^![SXL6'@/P+I_@6SMSJ4GA._GN9M


_P7OQ T?1_V9/B
<],5^4?[/MJWB#_ ()7_M'_ -@6\D=N_B6^NH84ZQVR
M0:?*PX P!$K9XZ@#Z)\

;


M37_%?@3P=_PE7A_X6V-NOC^Z@N'BAUA$NDD:R.S[_E(CL[#D!')_U29_3OX3

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 










#(&3]L_$S]FKX6?&+4H;[QIX#T7Q#?PJJ)?

9!9Z7:I;QE
MS@%R% RQP

!^&?V+?A]X4_:6U?XXV


A@2  20%Q8
M_9]_8ST7X+^


MB3@C(RVTJ237CTW_  37N?&36ME\3/CQ\0OB%X:MY!(-O+UHXI=IROF$O)N
M/JP ;T*U]I7EY#8VS3W,R6\*GYI)6J

M!!YH Y&\^_@K4/A5)\-)?#EG_P@[V/]F_V*JE81!P 0=P8$!@X.X-\V=W-
M?*Q_X)FRQ:3+X2L_CQ\1K/X:29C_ .$36\4H(206A#D[-A&?E




=8_X)R6FA^+-9UCX5?%?QC\(M
M/UJ;[3?Z+H-P3:-(226B4


MX$_9?T_4/^$8BO-1UW57WZGXAUB83WUXVXG#/@!5W$G:H&3RVX\USGQ^_8M\


MF7EC@
0




;@[G0QER_\ I#\AP/E7C@Y]78]B..G-/Q[4







7G!!*&1UV;9V&%P

!%QMXQ@8^Q/OAG3/!OAW3=T6QATW2=-MTM;2U@7
M0Q(H547Z M;BG8H R/$WAG2_&6@7^AZYI\&IZ1?PM;W5G=)OCFC8896'H1

M#].


M% 'R7\._V!=/TGX@:)XU^)?Q$\4?&'7]#D\W2%\1SG['929!#K 6;YP0I'S8



W


MYI_#.E7S/;QLP(;R7+ QD@CDAF]S@8]Q^$/[





XP+AHQ'C_ &BVT]C7B7_!2CP?

MV)?&
?\ 8MC /#\-K/I/DVR)]A87



M/+:77+K2+V&TAO+*XM$NF


T4!A
.H27=F90R[%0$
MR+)]P;1@XP
5[3:_M[? KX


M$+_@H5\ OACXNG\-:Y\0+?\ M:VF

M)?[

M^
'@[X0_L_\ AOPS#^S#\7=;GO=
AFUC5+7P(EU!JLTB!Y)!(TN9HBQ^0L/N

MUVJS';$G(P:^[KZ^ATVUN+JZF2VM84
LDTSA$C0#+
S'@  $DYZ4 ?FK^S'\


M0DL3QV?Q



7PO6ZBM;W4+6!;?4+



M\1?C[)\'O'7AWPIIT?C:\6_AUJQ%PTLIFF*LA\I\ #W% &O^U=^R_!^P%X-T




M^=F&[)) /M3X2_&[P1\=O#3:_P _$=IXDTM)/*DEMPZ/%)M#;)(W4/&V#A




G&0&49[5X?



MX6_&[P9\;--O]2\$:]'XATS3[@VL]];Q2K!Y@&2JR.@5R!C.TD 



8
2WS-GFOE+X+
M_'OX-?#GX:P^ _@S\'OB#\7-$@


*+'7M4M;&#4Y8;)FD46TP!BD$@&Q@01T8GGG%<U\</VO







;M%*QC9DSN$99F
)4T*U^(MO%=R2K#%<7=A=6]M*Q..)I(@BC/=B!Z$CFOFC]HSQ?JGQZ^$O
M[&7@GQ!=W7V+XC7MC/XBEC?:UWY4=JK[F]7-Q(X!R,@'JHK[)^./[.?@'QS\
M ?$/@F3PQI%EI4.ESC3UM[2.(:?,L9,<T)_(RL <CJ
@Y!((!Z9XO\ &FB?
M#_PS?^(_$NK6FB:%I\7G7.H7DHCBC7.!DGN25  Y)( R3BOF?4_V^O@/\6O#

8'PL;RQJK
3P%SN)Z U\4:+XPU+]H+X

:G=DN[$X 'O6WI'_!2S]G3
M6_%:';_ !&@BFDD\J.ZNKZ@M6;.
&9X@BC_:8A3Z\C/S1\/_@QXK^/7_!'

M\(_CW\&?$GP9M)$AM0\6BC[%:.I7$MK
$WK]SJL;?+D;F[@'Z1Q3)/&LD;JZ

MI'\(_%5_XZ^%7@WQ)JMI_9^IZQHUGJ%U:;2OD32P([QX/(VLQ'/I7Y7:Y^S?




/


DV\8Z^=^?T5\!?VFK[X:_P#!/'QA







/Q^^
5OM1M?++3+, S2 ,8UPI*$CYX_:L^
M+[_%+XE? /6M/^OBKX<167C;3HX/$OBK2X]-NYBTJ$6Z1J68I\I;);'R+@<

LS
\3;04\SF(

*I

_;@^$/C&+XO
(;;1=1
M\1/,NF070<X

1X_P!HMM/8U[SXP\9Z)\/O

O\ P4E^'GARZ_8E

YMF$N3&V^)6^5N@;[N2!G)%

7SNRQ



M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


M? Z[^&-WK5LUCKOBK5M15[6WMV&V86R%5+M(I*@!CC=UZNOWOM%)L7ICWH ^

O[B5/GB9D.4D4\$XW8

D#
MFO9-HZ8XHVB@#\^-4\



MBL

MX

YQS0!\:_

2






.J:(^A


[3X5_%7P[';7-

8[


J&.2-N0RD8((]
5\
M:^%_V/\ XS? =-0\/_!?XPZ?HOP_NKJ:[M]%\1Z(MY-I32$%A#+D^8.X#8'J




B1!AY:N9


!)*N5RLKG.54-Y5\7?%W[1'[9G@__A5EA\%M1^$NC:Q-''KW
MB3Q!?1([=75W2)-B
X)4?=)W#Y?E!)'Z%[1Z4;10!\C_M2?L@W_ (P^!_P[
MTOX7W
.G^

%T ) 8L//O'WQX_:=^
MW@/4/ASI'[/-]X

M]*-HH ^#OBK^PAXA\



MPU;]EW4-.U[7+%]*N]2U34$&EP^;&5:=2Z -M^\H\PX(')(&?O\ 90W49HP*


M-&3YV&=R@
(OACJVDV_B7X87<G]J:9XRL9+:!

_6C:/2@!:^3? _P3\;:/\ \%&O


)+$JA!
M








E0
G]$Z;M'I3J /DS_@HS\$?&









M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2;1Z
M4M% ;02#CFEHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** $I:^1?VLOV\K7X^*A\/O7A/4?'OQ&N+2\-C8L5BL(]C
LLIV.3A5
M:0J%P%7+

MGWN(;=E[UHN2%+*I=F4!_E ;(KJ?V-_P!NZ/\ :5\3Z_X'\2^$[CP-\0M
MA::ZTR61GCE5)%CEP&57C='90T; D;@03S@ ^N**^!_B9_P4A\6:M\6/$7@7
MX%?JZ^)LOALR+JFIJ9&C+(VQQ%'&


LD;  R*VQU[0VYN.5+ 'U117YIR_
'OCQ\--\<^&)I)-'U:+S(HYE FA<
5DBD ) ='5E(!(XR00: .^HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _-
M#]MSX!_%CX8_M$:]^T!\-=&M_%VF:QHDFGZW8


//CU^T%^QS^TMX


8W* .P !;
M_P)MLLW@OXK:HQ+7MUJEDDTC$%G12LN3UZR/U]?K7R!\8-5G\*_%C]L;1
M--*I8:A).9=O!3'B&R?8N,!1^\=

_ID
2V3W&:Q_\ @C1J4]]^RAJ\
W
=EXJN

KWSO$)A)869FC )88


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ///#'_)9_&O\ UZ67_H!KT.O//#'_ 6?
MQK_UZ67_ * :]#H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ///#'_)9_&O_7I9?^@&O0Z\\\
?
M\EG\:_\ 7I9?^@&O0Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MXM22-


M2?%7AG48]6T+58%N;2[C! =#Z@C*L"I ((((!&*^-_@A\.M(N?^3-SH[6



M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M(H\0W?FM
[ _-LB&P






OVM/#G[3?Q3L] FTF

PS]['[Z_X+\/\ BJ6&76M

M
?

M0G


M/LOB+QI=:A#]H\8+=&TB6UMOM!YMV#*2H8 X;) &.21SW_&;W_5O_\ Y7*
M/JJDYKY6_P
WO\ JW__ 


P!$2GECR30![+1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2USWC'QKHGP]\.W_B#Q+JUKHFB6
9EN+Z\

M^N)/%/BW(!T'2)5


$Y[B.X_8]\%RP.

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

X_X]H6!^\


Q9@D: *N
M69CP.I)[UM4E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'GGAC_DL_C7_ *]++_T UZ'7GGAC_DL_C7_K
MTLO_ $ UZ'0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !129I-WYT .KRO
MX^?M&^/V;/!C^(O'&L)I\
F5M+*(&2[O9 
^7#'U8]




]OF'1I9


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** ///#'_)9_&O\ UZ67_H!KT.O//#'_ 6?QK_UZ67_ * :]#H ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

O:M;X=?%GP=\7-';5_!?B;2_$UBI22Z;=++Y+'
MD+(H.4;'\+ 'VH [&BO+?B=^TM\+_@SJ%OI_C;QUH_A[49T\Q+.ZN 9]G9C&
MN6 /8D8.#BNU\+^

HS@[74X/((^HH W

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

?#M

M^(MW)]D-U9*;FULYCP$C50?M$P/&U?E4\


M_P (W'*9OL_GM9GRV(CYVF\WAB./D7?\H-=M^Q/^R$-2;X(_&SX9^+=-T:XL





ME_!?_@JIXS\*?#21H?AW;6ETNJ6\
KS0V\*622R GDGRKPB
9Y&2N?7J/VW/



M(P!V






MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MUNKYO_:Q_;D\!?LIZ/+%J-PNN^
98]UGX;M)@)F)Z-
V#Y
?(^9N2/NAJ^=O


W
MRCL0&H \:^'G[,_QE_X**^+[/XC?''4[SPK\.0_FZ7H%N&@:2$G(%OV?+1
MAC
\@+N 


MECW)KK-HHP* #:/2EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M]\56=G+%I6J0SM;3HV&:.-G4_/'O/W7! W
1@DFN(_8J_87\(_LZ^%=!\0:I



M@?X''A#P=X?M=*T1BQN(#F5KIF7:SS

# KT3%&!0!\A:C_P2

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HIC


M^^


#A410 H]A0!Y'^S-^R7X_97\,'3?6GB;

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44E-W'KUH =7(?$KXJ^%/@[X3N_$OC/7[/P]

^!MU-X5\$PQ_$/XAO)]

M#H=H

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \\\,?\EG\:_P#7I9?^@&O0
MZ\\\,?\ )9_&O_7I9?\ H!KT.@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M^_AS^R[!:ZDENOBOQT%Q)XDOX0#$Q!!%M%DB$8R

M2T )2T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4452OK^#
M3;:6YO)X[6VA4O)-
X1$4=V8G % %VBF;CUSFGT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!YYX8_Y+/X
MU_Z]++_T UZ'7GGAC_DL_C7_ *]++_T UZ'0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

MMHZPM$)$!RICM2P:0]

M37]UT)#R8X4X'R(%3(!VYYKVG:*7:/2@ P*6BB@ HHHH ***2@!:*;N/TI-W




M&5(=:BE
T



X. #Z/HK\W?$7_!:;P?I^K7UEIGPU
M\07WDSM##]LO(K5Y
-CYDVN4/!^7D]J]_P#$_PV%KMO^R9I7QC\._K7M7U

SLD;




M9X\?QYKYO_9#_86^






@DOH;
M81J)Q&[D(K2&50SNH.T#J#7YUK^TM\8M3\.^*X/!.J7_ 

M3.O[[
#7
%M

ME0+;M
;DNA1U\F%%154/GYCUQM[@ ^L]/T^VTBQ@L[&UALK2W01Q6\$8CCC4

M!
;XG_%+QSK^J^(?VB=7.EWVH37%M;?9[BX
4+ON5-AN41

M@/#?[#OAFU_97D^!7B3Q'K?B70I)/.?4C*(+B-A
)4$0.]456484AEZY!S0!
MV]S^UQ\%K/7+726^*OA&;4+J=;:*WM]7@F/F

M;8^%?[





ME^U'XPO_  QX/_MJ'5K.Q;4775+)84:%9$C8AE=AD&1.#CKQG!KYX\7?\%E/


&WLE73[.T2T\Y+H.F&4V


MX9\9:!XBU3XW^(-6N=*U*+41]FL#;
[(X;Y7:XD*

M[5WQ!L?&'B+Q'XATF_M=/CTYH--EA\HQ)([@@21MM;





)
M(H_A]\+8XT 5477KS@<8 \GBOI[:/2G4 ?&GQ<\-_M
?&3X;^(?!/B+X??#


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

MU2TU:RAO+&ZAO+29=\=Q;R+)&Z^JL
@CW&:_-7]L7XM_$'XO?M7:[\/#_C:
M\^'7A?1- FU&\FTXLD^J2Q^UO'O5E8J5(CV@@?+(2&Z5A_L/Z9\?/A/JGP8

MACZCVI=QK\AO&FE^*?VD?VG?CS?2?MM\'O_A;78]*@DU'5Y;6TF=?
@V1*

6P 

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2B@!:**KR2B&-Y)'5(T4
MLS-Q@#J?I0!8I*Y'PW\4O!OC#4M2T[0O%FAZWJ&F*'OK/3=2AN)K53T
B(Q9



YY3R5W#(XSF@#]G_B_^V1\'?@1J=QIGC3QS8Z9

_$/Q]X L]2UQO
&[9I8D=OO%'EVJAQQD1'_ ! /+/&W_!9+XS:U,5T+1/#'AB!6
M&!]FDN9_<,TDFW'T0'WK5^(W[1_[2W[?7]@Z;\+?'B3POHEI&R7EQH-_+:6
MM_



MZ2$(A /GH&4@\





M&GPGI

M^+=4^


US+_ &@;+[+YGFRM)CRO

MP3H_9W^*&N^


+T.:^%
M;R/6O ?@G]JCX+Z9JD^M^#?#=S'?PM(2RK);:S;6N]0.%=TFR^.#Y/\ LBOM

M1=)TF$QI+
099G9BSRN0



M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

AFGC@18U9E4G?*G5AWKPO4?\ @H5::/93
M7E_^S_\ ':RLX%WRW%SX


MSPUXRU.0#(WVEK!'W_B

+/I'PAO;B







_






MV.7S#;2Q27DLJY^X\C

M)L'N+VQG82N_VARL*1JQWJN3D81.:]4\$_\ !/;]K'1FADTK6? 7@N=2P%S:
M0VUK
/K);618Y[9)Q[5][?L@??XM_;P7JMC\6_B*/B!J]U=+-:LDDLRVB!


XS@ =J 




-(DETVXO6

)DDY)#$@9Q6[\?/V8OV2/@'X!U/QCXO\ AYHUI!#&

YO@WI.I?%#X;V
O
MC'5Y9M2N+-KFY7^SXIG+0VN!(
%(R@((R#N!)QF@#W#2_P!OG]GS6&06_P 5





MQ(V@8^8T ?;WZ457F

?'?P2<^-_V:M3MT7
M+&^T\'AB2&E@D&.


MX5F7TY5B.?PK5^)WQG\$?!G3;*_\;^*-.\

M1G&: .YI:\P\/_M

MI:BXLKN\MSTF@D5U/ [@X[C\Q0!?HINXY]J=0 44F:,T +112?RH 6BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


M10 4444 %%)Z4M !1244 +113=QH =13=QYI-WX4 .SZTM9FH:W8:.JMJ%];

MW_1M



MQ_P6[\


M9W\ 4G@&YACE52
=/






M(WERF)/+5G1B

O%_A._U7Q!XP


MNF.Y7 0F+*X[

M &]/VOOB5I-OJ/@K]GZ!=


M:YM;==.M)F


EEN^RMK6F079@W$;MAE5MN=HSCK@5
M-H?PQ\'^&

%0
(M<M+HPPJ8V;/[\J)-[A5P&S\V3P,U^\C'U[?_ %JY[QA\0OWP_LOM?BC




&O
PTJWT-$G-T BN9!(75!& Z?-NY#C

DG)Y'M[M\#_V+


M#\\?V



M







]SI\
L8R3T
4S


MDF2[T2VDD!/4ARFX'W!K3^&/PA\&?!O0YM'\$^'-/\
Z;-.US+!I\.P22$ %



4 ?=%%?#OA


VJW&KZI9Z5;LVU9KZX2%





M9KZ:^$OQ
TKXQ?#;PWXUT1W_ +
URSCO(4DQOCW#YHVQQN5@RGW4T =G1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 444F: %HHI/2@!:*3-% T444 %%)3=_/6@!])6#KWC70/J[];US3=&3




C=[_2OQN;XZ_\ !0;QR3]CT/Q=I<#8)1/$%FN0=P(




 ?@);ZU89:(7]OIM

M#89Y6PV
;B

^AS[T^+2_\



MTF0W#

C(_M+XO7EP02MKHPY'I\UP_/O^E?J


1QC/)^YU./05]=48SVH \)F_8?^ 4V






M6YX_0+7OC[\/?#WPOU'XCW'C#2KOP/IXS/KFEW*WUN9!&%5H=^YB[*NU03
MDXK\YOVDO^BWPL^,WQ6^&6CQP:_JOPQT35UUC6H[>R59=4NHR1:1-W4MK
M$NP8_-D#;D4 9/[*'[/?QJ_:=GUZ/QG\>?'?AO0-(NWT?7_#$WB2^FU0N8\F
M-TDQ$D

O#\.G:V;F

MP2U@S6QCMS;3K=!UV(B-
\A!4R$[UXV#D'@@'U__ !9Q^0KF?'GQ$\



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



M

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!YYX8



^
6O^.]:^./B;5K

M1:YK=M8F8Y!.%M8';& ??!['H ?K=K7_  4:_9RT'/VGXHZ?(!_SYV=U==_^
<9
M&?R
\/\ PA\=^.HXSX _8_M]


 $CA07#
W.%#'!QBOS








M_;-_:3UM=5^(?C32]'?RQ&+6XU8Q10QAB=J064;1D\GD\G RU?K9M'I2[1Z4

MZTX^^DU]!#$W/98X PX_VJ^^-M-S0!\(_M$?L$_ 7X2?LW_$S7O#7P^M[76[
M+P[=RVU]=7MU=/%(L1(=1-






^U9&E?$'PUKVH?8-
\0Z5J-]AC]EM;Z*23 /
MS?*K$\4 =)^%&T5Y[XJ_: ^&/@?6IM'\2?$?PGX=U:%5:2PU;7+6UN$##(+1

[NGSKZB@#VFDP






M?@WXI^&5FNK:YX9\322/J2ZU=AII=RJF%:)(PF HP54'(!SD UQ^A?\ !+']
MF_1O+
(#'
M'KL;S:7'IT#W3W4:JK%UV J%Q(GS
0#N&


MM+=BS69T(5F51%(VPG)5L?
-IZ&O5_A3^T]\3OC1^S'XM\?:/\([C0_'%@T\
M&D:!JT[^5J+*J
LR%UB9D^=A@8W-$RJV2=OU L
:

UXY^P__P 
\?!WX1Z9JOB'QK\*;?X@:Y
VMZB[:OIJ

H\WK'(J./=14?[?QT;XU?!*&
MUU/5+35O%_A*Y?P_K5U97(N([J2$;8[I)%.)$FCOO'!;?CI7??\
F_!#_HC
M?@#_ 





M ^X**^6OC5^W1IOPW_9_\'_%?PUX
UKQQI?BAD%K:Q@VIMPR
W^D.%D\L@J5



M!Y'8 _42F
Q!ZBOQM^)G_!6;XR?$+QMJ$?PFTF/1O#RA5M+5]

M


M^
/@]%XE\2!)?$UB-'US6-!UE8+[PUK\A\ZVO(6C;1?/Y!W#R]H#D;B#7U1
M\%_VT='^$NL>-/AC\


M5XRT&QT+Q!X0T'7=%L0OV33=0TRXMK?8NU/+C=2J;5^48 P.*R].^&?PO\
MA.T.L6'A7PCX--L#&FH6NGVMCY0((*B0*N 02,#MF@#\EOBE_P %2/VF__B

]UJG
MQ.O?'+:SX$\#R?;-=TD:=!'-J4
./VG_
M -F_PSJTM]X@\=^!Y]4&26&6&^NE09(5O*#N!QT/MZBO)O$'_!6/\ 9S\&









M


M]Z]W\'_L\__X?
^'/AYX9T22
8$UGI





O#(+[4X[&ZL9;51&Q5P9;A_X@!MV9;.
M 1UJ3]H/]HK]KGP7\7-=T;X=_!?2=?\ !UJT8L-3N+2XNGN5
:L7+QW
8'S%
MAMVY&




M5N+'PIX U.V:PO))IX8--U(Q*6@M5B/^NB97WRC# X[M7Z4?$:X\26_@+Q%+



:Y#]GS_@F#\
OV??B9HO


M=%UC1=#KIEC=6B-%:*JA L8Q\J[54;1P0HR.!7HE)0!YKX&_9P^%GPSUE-
M8\)_#OPUH&K)N5-0L=


M+QC 4# %7PH7H


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


D*W.UF )6%#)N

)'#1+'
M'(NW:BHV65MWF'&-IH ^R*9O/ZU^0_PQ_;@_;8UB^O;FT^&]UXUMKE L$=WX


M=Q18#


Y!\KRUC


@B$
-M+OKS5;6U6Q#6M_) DL*L[*KA?0N
MW((Z\YK,TW]A']F?X<PQS2?#KP_BAOWFN7
MTI SN)^T2
#C)_3T% 'YS^+

M$:=\/?!MC/\ #KQ-;Q)J.H_$%))8;2]B3(
0V09@+F2-AY;
6
9'RJS;?MK3
M_$W[.7PK

^)[/QOK/[0NI:UXHT8F\L;&




46EP7*@75KHNF2RK


?QK0\
IVG@=/2OSJ'[7W[<'BXJNA?L_

(B\]E' JUQTK\ST_97_;K\
M8HSZU\=;#0TD^^MKJ]Q%*ORXX%O;*OY

GC!C_P )A^TOJ]T6



M24GZ[?PK]+-H]*
CV&B6:

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ^&OVNOVW/&

M]CO]O;XBP^)OAG\//C+HD
GH8HM M[:73M&&0S2E



:OE%2Q 9E.0&POE?\ P1+6
M'_A _BC)D&Z;5+-9?F^;:(IN1GU+]O7TKY#^-%Q<VGQD_;&M]+


MQVMHG*229
@E=58
K.N
%&.T*IK[X_9I^/6E?M)_!OP_X\TN!K$:@C)=:?(X



1;M


MY+99'EQ




MO?NK\4^-_#_ ('TW[?XDUW3?#]CG'VK5+N.VBSUQND(%?D7JG[!7[9_Q,MT
M@\5^-+JXMU+2+#K?C:YC5L@%0J&0 \ ^GX\4MK_ 


M)'(.I'

G/4!IGXQ0 NM_\%LM*.ESKX?^%NH7&K
&$*WNIJ(5
M/.UFV1EB.AP




M:?*9=?\ B'\3/%DSR9D?0_#EI9M)DDELW%T_K@YY)YQ75:9X]_8T\
R+L^%W




##




M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M6NL^'I[PJ+!'MQ%
RQ

M\




M/%=:PC2WFISVY)BDNI6W.$R!\JC:@.!D)G&37NFT4FQ?2@!U?@G^QS^TMX8_
M9G^-=QXS\26X\0Z7//>Z9#9VKO\ :]'25XW>]BC9?*97^655P^%;H,!OWLI
M-HSGO0!\'?\ #S;]G_P_XL\7>)(_%5[JD=U:6OV6RL]'NA
#]9O#('_Y_&O\ UZ67_H!KT,*!VH ,C:*6B@!
4;1
MU[TM% ;11@4M% 8%+110 E+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'GGAC_DL_C7_KTLO_ $ UZ'7GGAC_ )+/XU_Z]++_

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

MKTLO_0#7H= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

MZ


?\
MEG\:_P#7I9?^@&O0Z\[\
Y_X7-XT/_3I9?\ H!KT2@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

MOV4/AUXZ_:



M

G Y?X'_L2_$;X^^#/V@?B!X\TF
M3PCXE^(MG-'HVE7R/!)YQO8K\-(C8:*
RVUO&NX9*AFQC&X ^B?@=X?L&_X)



\0F'DVSR#:21G*@]
MU/%=?2;1G..: /)OAKXBL_%'Q.\8:C8
[VTEM9J#(C(WL#\IYZBO6J\[\,_
M\EF\:?\ 7I9?^@&O1* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


48% ;1Z4NT4M% #=H]
M*7:/2EHH **** ///#'_ 6?QK_UZ67_ * :]#KSSPQ_R6?QK_UZ67_H!KT.
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH \\\
?\EG\:_\ 7I9?^@&O0Z\\\
?\EG\:_P#7I9?^
M@&O0Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

?\EG\:_]

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ///#'_)9_&O_ %Z67_H!KT.O//#'_)9_
M&O\ UZ67_H!KT.@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **3]:6@ HHHH **** ///#'_)9_&O\ UZ67_H!KT.O/
M/#'_ 6?QK_UZ67_ * :]#H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***2@#YB_:*_X*!?G]G34_[%U+6H];\3QW$
5UH


M
(KWQ/X9TW7
M+OQ)JMW9W%S=P)+,END:1HB,R_NRI:1P5YRV<\ +_@BSXCOU\(?%;P;=S/)

@

$_P :/^$FTC_H
M*V/_ ($)_C0!I45F_P#3:1_T%;'_P $_QH_P$FTC_ *MC_X$)_C0!I45
MF_\ 3:1_P!!6Q_\$_QH_X2;2/^@K8_^!?XT :5%9O_3:1_T%;'_P(3_&
MC_A)M(_ZMC_ .!?XT :5%9O_3:1_T%;'_ 
$_P :/^$FTC_H*V/_ ($)
M_C0!I45F_P#3:1_T%;'_P $_QH_P$FTC_ *MC_X$)_C0!I45F_\ 3:1
M_P!!6Q_\$_QH_X2;2/^@K8_^!?XT :5%9O_3:1_T%;'_P(3_&C_A)M(_Z
MMC_ .!?XT :5%9O_3:1_T%;'_ 
$_P :/^$FTC_H*V/_ ($)_C0!I45F
M_P#3:1_T%;'_P $_QH_P$FTC_ *MC_X$)_C0!I45F_\ 3:1_P!!6Q_\
M$_QH_X2;2/^@K8_^!?XT :5%9O_3:1_T%;'_P(3_&C_A)M(_ZMC_ .!
M?XT :5%9O_3:1_T%;'_ 
$_P :/^$FTC_H*V/_ ($)_C0!I45F_P#3:1_

VI6ZQMJQ

M_P!!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/_@0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X
M2;2/^@K8_P#@0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_ ,$_P : -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_P!?XT
M?\)-I'_05L?_  (3_&@#2HK-_P$FTC_ *MC_X$)_C1_P )-I'_ $%;'_P(
M3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_^!?XT?\)-I'_05L?_ A/\: -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_
M .!?XT?\)-I'_05L?\ P(3_ !H TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/_ ($)_C1_PDVD?]!6
MQ_\  A/\: -*BLW_ (2;2/\ H*V/_@0G^-'_  DVD?\ 05L?_ A/\: -*BLW
M_A)M(_ZMC_X$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/\ X$)_C1_P
MDVD?]!6Q_P# A/\ &@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_\ @0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_P $_QH

MQ_\  A/\: -*BLW_ (2;2/\ H*V/_@0G^-'_  DVD?\ 05L?_ A/\: -*BLW
M_A)M(_ZMC_X$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/\ X$)_C1_P
MDVD?]!6Q_P# A/\ &@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_\ @0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_P $_QH
M TJ*S?\ A)M(_P@K8_^!?XT?\ 3:1_P!!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V
M/_@0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_P#@0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_
M 

MY3$8N$SG!QWH VMWIS3J

MBLW_ (2;2/\ H*V/_@0G^-'_  DVD?\ 05L?_ A/\: -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_X
M$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/\ X$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_P#
MA/\ &@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_\ @0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_P $_QH TJ*S?\ A)M(
M_P@K8_^!?XT?\ 3:1_P!!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/_@0G^-'_3:
M1_T%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_P#@0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_ 
$_P : -*B
MLW_A)M(_ZMC_P!?XT?\)-I'_05L?_  (3_&@#2HK-_P$FTC_ *MC_X$
M)_C1_P )-I'_ $%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_^!?XT?\)-I'_05L?_ A
M/\: -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_ .!?XT?\)-I'_05L?\ P(3_ !H TJ*S?^$FTC_H
M*V/_ ($)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\  A/\: -*BLW_ (2;2/\ H*V/_@0G^-'_  DV
MD?\ 05L?_ A/\: -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_X$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\$_QH TJ:6V
M@DG %9__  DVD?\ 05L?_ A/\:YWQ]XBTQO WB(0:G:F=M.N!'Y=PFXMY38V
MX/7- '9!MP!!R#3JXOP#XBTQ? WAT3ZG:B==.MQ)YEPFX-Y2YW9/7-=%_P )
M-I'_ $%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_^!?XT?\)-I'_05L?_ A/\: -*BL
MW_A)M(_ZMC_ .!?XT?\)-I'_05L?\ P(3_ !H TJ*S?^$FTC_H*V/_ ($)
M_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\  A/\: -*BLW_ (2;2/\ H*V/_@0G^-'_  DVD?\ 05L?
M_ A/\: -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_X$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_\$_QH TJ*S?^$FTC_H*
MV/\ X$)_C1_PDVD?]!6Q_P# A/\ &@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_\ @0G^-'_3:1_
MT%;'_P $_QH TJ*S?\ A)M(_P@K8_^!?XT?\ 3:1_P!!6Q_\$_QH TJ
M*S?^$FTC_H*V/_@0G^-'_3:1_T%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^@K8_P#@0G^-
M'_3:1_T%;'_ 
$_P : -*BLW_A)M(_ZMC_P!?XT?\)-I'_05L?_  (3
M_&@#2HK-_P$FTC_ *MC_X$)_C1_P )-I'_ $%;'_P(3_&@#2HK-_X2;2/^

M

\7Z==.GA<R_8A(5


M0






M/R;_ !KM:2@#B_\ A3/@K_H7K3\F_P :/^%

^O\ H7K3\F_QKM:2
M@#B_^%,^O\ H7K3\F_QH_X4SX*_Z%ZT_)O\:[2EH XK_A3/@K_H7K3\F_QH

M[6B@#BO^%



MK3\F_P :[6B@#BO^%



_@W^-)

M'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM
M% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-
M'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM
M% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-
M'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM
M% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-
M'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM
M% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-'_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVM% '%?\*9\%?]]:?DW^-
M+_PIGP5_T+UI^3?XUV=+0!Q?_FO!?\ T+UI^3?XTG_F?!7_0O6GY-_C7:4





M=I10!Q?_  IGP5_T+MG^3?XTG_F?!7_ $+UI^3?XUVE+0!Q7_F?!7_ $+U






MJR$;7(9&!VDX((KC?VH/V;/$_PT/#I5MHGQ9\0?#;3X()H+VST4.4OQ(4QY
MFV6/A0K#'/#FOBO_ ((WZ/\ \([\5OCEI2SM=P%I:B=Q@MLGN5W8SWQF@#]
M3)9E@C9Y) B*-Q9N  .I/M7GGP7_ &@O _[0FEZUJ/@75FUFQTF_;3KB?R7B
M4RA5;*;@-RD


DFO$?BLC_$K]M+X1^#E!?3?!NFWOC?4H
MSDJ97S9V7/9E=IG [A3V%?&W_!3#]E3Q+X1^'.J_$C7OC!XC\8V@UH+8^'-3
M#&UL5GD?QYE8#8,+D*,@@#]1/ ?CG2?B5X+T7Q5H
[W6C:Q:1WMI-)$T;-
&9O&W[!_@3P]::C+H]QJW@F+3TU!0[VK2VIC$R@D E




Q@B


L+S22RL0JH@+'A6)XXFO(=-M9_BO^

_Q#U%?GI_P4E_9;\1_!
F[S2.&6
M@#]F_!OBS3O'OA'0_$VCRM/I&M6-OJ-G+(C1L\,T:R1L5(R58<'IFM^O)OV
M3_E_9;^#H'_0FZ/R./\ EQAKUF@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M V#YC( K[Z_8G_ .32?A#_ -BU9?\ HI: .[F^*7A^+XH6WP^-U(WBJ?2G
MUH6:0L0EHLHA

M5_D)E?@D]  .] '[$^*OB!HW@OP'JGC'5[IK;0--L'U.YG$3
RVZIYA8(!N)

M9XG4
I*
%[[X?^&YO!V:^$)K*325L$V0?92@*!%P-H

?H :YSX._

-K@'@@]NU?$__!1S]E3Q+XB\


M@!0
DFKO@/QUI/Q)\&Z+XIT&X:ZT;6+2.]LY9(VC9XG4

M3#]E3Q+X1^'.J_$C7OC!XC\8V@UH+8^'-3#&UL5GD?QYE8#8,+D*,@OO;]



M=R:GK:MYZ;;Z- @+2.2/;(% '[/:MJUIH.FW6HZE=PV%A:1M-/=7+B..&-1E
MG9B0 H )/-?*R?\ !4S]G9_%@T



M!=4\7^+M172] TR
27-R07/+!555 RS





J%MHY '/






T7Q5H-PUUHNL6D5[:3/&T;/






ME
\9'\




MP589 X(K

!?FW'/'
M.: /#?V$;6;6_A1K?Q(O8C'J/Q&\1ZAXE*N@WQVSRF*VC/\ LK#$A R?O]R3
M7S5_P6XY^&?PR/\ U&+K_P!$+7Z-:#H.F^%]#T_1=)L(--TK3X([6UL[= L4
M

%D656
MDCN* /(_VF/@CKW[1'[*LW@/P[JUKH^HZG;6&;F^:18/+CDBD=&V@M@[..*_
M-K]L[]FOX]?!/]GS2?\ A/\ XJ6'BGP-97]GIUEH-D\H2!A#((2JM$HHB
H
MY[U^TD$
=MD,2K'$@HBK@* 







_AD?



KJ7
:J/+5'C&PX;(QE2:_3&]T6PU'2)=+N[&VNM+EB-O)9S0J\#QD8*
M%-I7'&
5Y1X7_8X^7@OQ-%X@T;X8^'+'5X9/.AN%LE?R7SD-&K95#TV@

MC;@XKZ%I-H]*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** /GO]O[_ ),U^*X[_P!CM_Z,2N!_X)1?+^Q3X2 Z_;=1_P#2
MN2OJWQ!X;TGQ;HUUI&N:99ZSI-TGEW%AJ$3V\RY!VO&X*L

$K
MW0]$T27PWI9T?0[F[TS3UM$6WLIH3F%XHP J%#TP.* (?A/X M?A9\

J4=?J%




DZ
MQIUKJVE7D9AN;&^A6:9#U5XV!5@?0BJ7A'P-X=^'VCKI'A;P_I?AK25=I!8






MHO G_!0#X2^


M.^
/PZ_:.^('PET[X%RCQ!X\AO'C74=$LY+:12S1VBW,BLS*R%@1Q& 3QNK
M]9/'GPY\+_%+P[-H/BWP_I_B/2)3N:SU*W6:,,,X90P^5AGAA@CL:Y/X:_LP
M_GX.ZM)JG@SP#HF@ZFRE?MUO; SJI&J2-ED!!YD ]Z /2;?SDMXUG=9+@
M* [(NU6; R0
]
U;I-HI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ I,4M% 8HI:* $I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!,44M% 44M% 44M% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 E+110 4F*6B@ I*6B@ I,4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 4M%% !1110 4F*6B@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** $HI:* BBB@!*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!*6BB@!,48I:* DI:* $I:** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B






U 'UQ130U(K9^M #





MWA#X4^-KKPAX%\



M\3- ^#O@'6?&?BN]&GZ!I
/G7
VTLW+!415')9F95 [D@4 =?17YE7G_  6#




MXK\)WWP_U'4IUM+6YEO5O+43LVU(Y'\N-DW$@;BF 3R0.:^^Z $^E+7B?[5'




MX3\8:#XH$0)D.BZG!=[  2WELV.2/S% '844E% T444 %%)67XB\06/A70
M]2UK5+J.QTO3K=[JZNICA(8D4L[M[!0?RH U:*_-CQ#_ 








M1D^M #Z*;NY//X8I: %I*;N-?)7

M=FW9MQB\R-7V9P
D;L9QVH W**9N/?BGT %%

OV]




8OLG7#!MN[VSWH _2VBF
M[J


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MO^?'Q%_X-V_^)H ^@O\ AK'X(?\ 19/A_P#^%18__':/^&L?@A_T63X?_P#A
M46/_ 
=KY]_X=!_L]?\ /CXB_P#!NW_Q-'_#H/\ 9Z_Y\?$7_@W;_P)H ^@
MO^&L?@A_T63X?_\ A46/_P =KXM_8DE_9@F^ EG+\1F^$LOBJ35=2:=_%)TO
M[:T9NY3$S&?YRI3;MSQC&.*]0_X=!_L]?\^/B+_P;M_\37SW^Q[^P3\?C!\

M_83^-GPA^&^F_&S2Y_'G@CPKITOQ0UNYTBSDUFSLX7LMNL$ENF]5,!5$9!
K?V7X5^('A

@?M8#

MW?(3

MWN2
'G)YKSS_ ((NZW9^&[_XUZMJ
LL-Y&G?\ O

50LP&$&1P




JG]VB'YF#


MQU(YK#^
GB_XQ_M3?\$X-3\?^.5BGBT[Q;;W]FEC8_9_


M7S% 9=@8L6V\MD4 /_X)T_ML:[^TG8^(?!WCVWB@\?\ AM%EEN(XA +R N49


_:':1%=HV\1LC
 2A_MJ 9'O@
MD?B: .7_ &J/CY^TS^S'\





+^YE


@


M75O=&/O&9&=&W8S\N
_-MN_L727'[1?[17C#]KOQ[J6A^%M%\/PR6R6%O=@M
M;
+







M?B[P=X/\7VEQJ1CMKB;Q/K:PQ)I$ 
H9(U2%LO
 SV\T

'A



63R9YR(W1G


M)\/?@*?#MKX=-G\4-4UAG/V/P[J\3^1&
!&9T60$NQPJ]3@FNT^)O[;_ 
/_
M ((^



MTS59M;TJ0S6AO
M]1:6..0J5W[ !D@$XSGGGKS3_B__ ,$WO@K\;/B%JWC3Q#IFJQZUJC(]V=/U
M!H8I'5 F_9@X8A1G'4\]220#WCPK\6/!7CK1[[5?#7C#0?$6F6!(N[[2=3@N
MH+?[CYCQN53\_,1QS7-?\ #67P0_Z+)\/_ /PJ+'_X[7._#]C+X7_  3\


M^&]%U#6-3BUVQTVPMY+JZN)M78)#$BEW=CMZ!02?I0!?_;\^
&@^(;7P#\&(

M\4_ &;QOHOB&7PGJ3IX3U*UU.X&KZ5*&FB6-T8B26$;@ZJ3M! QA#7GG[._
M[$_@/]JSP#?_ !\?:)J%CI&K7
5KX





 V\*.3LP
DX


M
2


M&*)K%3;LX^Z8?M#;FS\H8L7X#5Y_^VWJ7@S]GW]HR3QE^SY\0=-2X\0V-S'J



M?L^0;:Z-JT?D


_

?AG







M)% &-_PUC\$/^BR?#_\ \*BQ_P#CM'_#6/P0_PBR?#_ /\ HL?_CM?/O\



MRR2/'+\S# VMVVA.F^


7T5C;RW-Q*M
MO;0HTDDLC!410,EF)X  !.<\8KS7_AK'X(?]%D^'_P#X5%C_ /':[_Q)X=T[
MQ=X=U/1-6MEO-+U*UELKNWDR%EAD0HZ'V*DC\:^/F_X)_L]L<_8?$0^FKM_


M &$_A1^S/XON_%'@[3]2&LW%JUD;C4+YYPD3
K.%7 &247D@GCC&37H'[1?C

G
MZ

MXJ@P.



M1_(
+WR* /T$_PJW@W0_&G[)]__:_B6Q\-W6D:C'J^FKJ$A47]Q%%*GV9/




MG&!S(TT[[E&T]
Y4@?

6C2



M0=+TG6=.LYQ=V
PE:2/-S*P!55.25*\#/7'M6M_P6/\ ^32+3O\ \5-9'_R%



M.!N*I\BC ]V^Z?@]\ ?A_P#L[^'KS3OA[X5M]!M[@B6Y%NSRW%RR@[0\LK%W

MKJ4&FW


MS=74T=K;07/AN66:9PB1HNI
69F)P  
Y/I7U9\6O^CGA+P3\:?_PV\%:1


MP7\*_#I\O5/%$=G%*;E=WS2@R(PW.05BC!&5!=L#(3LOVO/B5^TI=_%CPW\)

/
M]M^\\%:YJ%Q+\


21JJ95

?@/JW[-FB^/-=_:.\3:1NC1G5-$M]


M^PNI(;'1YFC@M9W4!C;QQF%_-P' +S$#)/SC;QQ7_!/SQ;K'C[_@I%K?B'Q!
MIR:1KVI)JUQJ%A&%M[@_PLC ))&&##!)_&OHG_ ()E?M7_  O\)?LIV_AK

\ZS1JS;I?]84P@)R@&.1GY\_8)\;V/Q

U^&TOQXTG]FS_@



9$LOM:HQ&((O)92F
)1



?$.D^$-6




(VDVY_O
M/CO@ ^1OA'X_\;?M*?#3P!^RIIS:%INF+KTNHVNL:A)Y3JI667RCS\Y#2SL

MWD
\+$OYDNTY#JQ+%
=3_P $D=67XK?&SXK_ !
\5^)(=2^(]_:QP-9

MVD='EGV@!2FZ*,!?NXY W+D _5*OP]_;2\ GXG?\%-?&GA.-/,N-6%G:0*
M3^^;18/+; (Z/M/OBOWK\??BC_RFPLQV_MS1_\ TU6U 'H?[+OQ].@_\$G_

MZ







M_GXQ^M ^&/BV\\=789+G7-:O=4CO\ ?


MO(_#X2YDMKHV:2H2RNOE
AC&#G()3CF@#Y=^'FI?MG?&#X17'QE\)_&.PUEX
M4FN_^$3T]HY[W;$S@QBT2W
1D.P[8CRP(QEB%K[Z_8W^+GC_ .+WP;@U'XF^
M#]3\&^


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



B(SEG9F)*QH.O\ *[J
MDH **6B@!*-H_EHH Q/%GA72_''A76/#FMVOVW1=7LYM/O;7S'C\VWEC:.1
M-R$

M1

^@

LQ)X'

MHK?*HQC P.*]7I: /(?CA^RG\+?VD+S2+GXB^%_^$BFTJ.2.S/\ :%U:^4LA


M^]4/ _[

MRL


5
M_KY7VX\V3[N,[N<X&/5\EH \4\


M[N

UI\6=0\+?:/']J\
L.K_VA=+M:) D9\E9



_\ !-_X(_ _QA;^*-'T*]U;7+242V5QK=V;A;1QRKQH
M%5=P[

MD++$XPR$@@X(..#6W10!\U_\.X?V;_\ HENG_P#@;=__ !ZC_AV_^S=_T2W3






^CZ1XDMFL]5L?
M[8OIXKB
HR'Y9)VV-M9EWIAL'K6M\$?V9_AO^SC:ZO;?#OPW_P (]'JSQ27J
M_;KFY\UHPP0YFD?& [=


:9XFL8
MR7BCU*V64Q

M7^'%2^'OV2OA1X5^

#
M/&*]CHH 3 I:** . ^


S'D


M]P;F:%6&&$? 5


G/&?\%%_B!8?#'X/Z


MIM


M4TF]A$B!;JXFN#!(AR







MX1M_#'@G0K;P_HL+&3[-;[BSN0 7=V):1R /F8D\#FNUVBB@#Y4^+'_!-?X%

M!/C;0?%FA^ H=
\0:&(A875OJ%VJQ-&NU6
?F[';'5F4ECDL23FOH#%% 'B?






M\/KJ4MF6:SU&1H+JWR?F2*02IP
JV5/!QD CSWX(_\$ZO@I\!_%%KXCT70
M+K5_$%F^^UU#7+DW36S Y#QI@(&'&&VY&







UKQ/\//$VAQ+XM\.ZSJ4<D&D,TO%=6:RL&1=[<QQ@\

D ^O=Q_&EW$YQ7Y]?


.

MXMI(6C$JEHW0L '4@9W*2


M8

.: /KBOA_]K3]N:V^#OQ]^%_A?3/$5
MY8:3'?/+XLA@TC[4ES9R0QR0*0Q,6/S'_4G//-?27Q _:(\ ?WX8V/Q \5

WT4
MK-


MU^S@FF1^

MQ^A- !17SO\ %C]NKX3_  @\97'A/4=6U#6_$MI'YE[IOA_3I;Z2S4@$&4H-
MJG!'&[(R




M3/C-^T3:_K0]:\6?GX.^&]!CNKK7O#4
MK-JMP654M8;YDVJ$1U^4%ONR;





\NJF
EN?]:H))

FI;96:.*..%M




ZC:
@\

M+9&






#[[84#DFLGX&_M


M@]XNN_#7B[Q!_9&K6VB+X@


MOQJ_;0^&'P%\2VGAGQ#JUY?^*;B
3+HFB6
E[=)&02&=4&$R.0&()'(&.: /
M==]/KX
^'/QS\





M[*:
M:XFENX&G@CMT529F
:DG;PO\1% 'NE)7C'P'_:P^'?[1=YJVG^$]2NH];TG#

MJ%GH&G2WQL$P&!G91M3@CC.1W S0!]#;C3J^%/V^?C-X9^+W_!/_ 


M (*


M!/LOPE^*_ASXW?#_ $KQKX2O)+_P]JAE^RW


M_;8^$?CCPKXU\4V/B;[/X5\)31P:AK5]!)#;.SE@GDDC=+DJ0 HR25 !R* /


[


M.RVL-SH]GI\T]U

_PB7P2U;PI=ZU!






.1@C(YKR'4/\ @HQ\%+;P




9(

X*D9!!(!]X;\G_)I]?(?PD^+7PB_9[^%?Q3

F
U]/ZWXOTGP[X


YKM?C5^VA\
/@


M6_D+!56.1EQEB1C=MZ@=2!0!]/4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2;1Z4M% 'RG^T5\%?A-^TMXJURV&OWV
MC?%GP+IZE]4\-WK6NI6
$L;2Q12'&UHW#DXQD;VP5W'/SE^SWXV^+W[+O@7]



M'C@8 !'& 64@'TW^U@H_X99^

CK61\



M)'%RKW



VU


O8Y

M7)F@E4%&:*&TE3(/7#HGY5[=^U9^S^W[3WP5UCX?'7AX;&H36\W]H_8_M6SR



\%:FLT
M7V6V;9GMB5D&WRU<ONB *D\#I[?X9_85\*Z1^S3XN^$^IZQ?:[<^+YI-0UW



MM%_'R#P6VJ_!CP_X/U7P[K]MJVG^(8_%UM+/ R-EHU!VY#8#8!ZHIQQ7=_ G


M@%@_0?'']EGQ)XB^+EE\7?A/XVC\ _$1;
:;J)O+475CJMF$FC_O+@?

_

M(#&0\CNTA#%OE&!C)^P


MB3'E

]-M? _QW_;;\.^'P+30M2^&-QK=]8P)MABOVL6
MRP'0


+


=1^Q_9/
\V9I

M?^-HG[2@Z#^Q-%_]([.OMBO#? _[-Y\%_M/?$GXQ#Q']K_X3*QLK/^QC8[/L


+
M_#?Q%O\ QO\ #C2/%K:?XMLM/-OJZ=+LOM*^TPYBF0D8#@2(ZD9YVU5^$OP


MQ7JGQBC^+GPC\=Q^ O'
]DFF:M#?6(O+#5;=2-GF)U1U 4;@#PJXVX)(!X9I

4NXCRF

M/3/H?_!*]UA^ ?BO39(1!J&F^--4MKR
GYQ*#$WSCLV& _X#73?#;]E'QGJ'

M\1? 'Q:\7^-O@;\0--\*P^





MUKW#]H']G\_'35OAA?'7O[%/@GQ99^)_+^Q?:/MGD-GR
^8GE[O[_P V/[IH

X^_MV;.V=W:@#QK]J6Q@
ML_VZOV2M1@B6*_N)]?MI;B



M2MTW'^'N0/05S?QN_9%\/?$_P%'A+PCH6H7'@C4O!4EO/X5UJQ'F2:9+ J









X^_MV;.V
M=W:@#QK]J6Q@L_VZOV2M1@B6*_N)]?MI;B



M(!R-MX3T7PQ_P5E>XTJVAM9M9^'+:CJQ!0)+DWAB+D ?>9(8B
?%7@_X
Z3XQO?$GB6]N]6U[4O$T5K=27 89@963.V
DX[99B

M1[3D[FR

MY-;D'*;CU4 = 









TL_G
H#GJ
* VSMO)Q\W/MM[^S_P#;/VKK#XT?V_M^R^%#X7_L
M/[)][-T\_G^?YG^WMV;.V=W:O')/V1_BM\(_%WBF\^ _Q0T_PCX4\2WLFI7/
MAK7]+%W#97CXWRVS\D!L#Y2  
 [L# !Y;^W=\+/AY\+_P!D?XUIX#O(3-JW




$$)-'_ 'EP/F&?
_M(_


T
M4MOJQ\8VS&PF1U*RIE1VW+U&0Y%=%XV@U6V_;0_8TBU]_
UR/P]K2:@XD$@:


_J=L48Y
M_N+Z5[)X!_9^_P$'_:*^*'Q3&O?;/\ A.(=-B_LG[)Y?V/[);K#GS?,/F;]
MN[[BXSCGK2WW[/\ ]L_:NT_XT'7]OV7PH?_]A_8_O9NGG\_S_
_V]NS9VSN

M/?)\Q^

MB[
*8\*R]


MB4(BM'*A/SA_*C+

M9ZDM_IL5_
5 'F1
/*#[%^5B_P!W)  8CJ/'W_*4;X8#_J0K[_T=-3HOV3_B



(/
M^T7\4/BI_;WVW_A.(=-A_LG[)Y?V/[);K#GS?

M?[3_ 

M!:Q6O_!2_P.YAA2$R^&M(D?RU[F

M_!G2?&-[XD\2WMWJVO:EXFBM;J2X##
#*R9VQDG';+
1C-?;_A+]G_\ X1C]
MI;QU\6QKWVK_ (2C2[/3?['^R;?L_D*@W^=YAW[MG38
9ZFO)-0_9+^)OPP^

M-/[
.<=J /E[]
MF^QMM'^#G[;&F6,*VNG6?B[Q5#;V\0Q'$BV[*JJO8!54?117T)^PH;]C7X4
M9Y_XDZ_^C'I_PY_99B\!^'_C=I




H/R

MBL5[F

MERIX&#VY +!@#(^*?\ RE2^#'_8F:A_*[K[3KQ#Q5^SFWB7]JCP9\93XA%M
M_P (YHUQI/\ 8?V'=]H$OG?O//\ ,&S'F]-ASMZC/'M] 'Q-_P $^],L_$'Q
M_:/\;:FJ3^-;CX@WVDW#2H?-MK. CR8ESRJY9UQ_P!

FO_



5Y[X'_89T7P

M'^-M35)_&MQ\0;[2;AI4/FVUG 1Y



M/7_AY\?&^
7BWXFW/C?QAJ&DSZ?JJ2::L$+.\B%#!M?$44:1J@CVG)W-D9VC
@WT;J!-M0
M@J75I6)*CYG;UI/^2?AO3='_8_TC4[2TCAO]6U*]GO)U4;YF29HER?0(B@#




M;7F6C_LA?'FP\(K\
9_CUWPL5/LRQ:
HULZ=C:;59R2%^0E ^20.@ ^6@#


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB














 N7V84D=\?-7B7[*?Q$T



5;\?VR=8^+7[0NH_76_ 4W@WQ!HOAM]
M5UJ&[O!


M

HW .C*2N1D#GD9]#K\



6/EGEAA7)YP:\JTS]K

3DD=H /L


 C7$8&&/(& %Y..&(4^O?M!?M56OPCL?!^G^%M

O$5]X?CU'18+.[V/=WKS%?)DRFV*)8DEE:5FP!'

%S[9JA\+

'=9T_7=)GSY-_I=TES!)CKM=5/X&MK:*^&/A?X=LOV9?\ @H9J
MGP]\+6ZZ5X#^(/A?^WH-$MVQ;6FH0R.KF)

M:/2EHH 3:.N*-H]*6B@!-H]**6B@!
48I:* $Q2;1UQ3J* $VCTHVCTI:* $

M_S1?[2

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




M_P -1+H'BV^NM2UNPN+B:X2\N+E56=SYCL5W!%X4@#&0 : /D;6/A[\8/V8?


+'N[U
MZKI__!


97& 4((''2@#GOVA/C!X%^$
M/AW1)_'-@=7AUC5X-
T_3(;2.ZFN+IR=A2)R





\D7PNTV;7?%:3(2#J%K*;2R23





].IR:XO]EO0I/__!1;XJZ7=^.K_P(NJ6O

M@H34;SPYJT]A]O50%7SEC.&.!C( )SR3Q3_#/[#WPE\!^/O#GB_PGHM[X5U7




MZVTC7Y)-$2T@MF+JT2F:
^6\BB)D*KR

#RI ]+^*_[#/PI^+WCB?QCJ%AJ6




MQ0\#W7P*L_':75E%X!;15OC*[*\
O_  N6V_\ 2Z6OM6Q_X)L_ O3/$ U!-!U)],%Y]O7PY-JT[:5YP((;[/NP
MR@@?*Q*XXQCBO2[']E'X6:7X<\):#:^%1%I/A37!XCT:V6_NL6FH0RB8'S<


MV)W%=W.




RW%


M5-1MI;NQ+'HJJK


#R=PD





(H44*JY8DD



MH/PUATH)X*;2WT
Z7]HF/^A/$8FB\TOYG*


9#[*!O/?


M@9X(_:\(GPUXZT2/5]/$OG0MO:*:WE&0)(Y%(9&P2.#R001Q0!\:_M'? /

FO3?^%
^#O\ A;?_  L[^QO^*X_L
MW^Q_[4^U3?\ 'KNW^7Y6_P O[W.[;N]Z .XVC&

J1GDJHD*




4NO:U=R7M[Y?'R+)(?D7@9V@9P
YQ5CXV_LH_#WX]ZSI6M^




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBDH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH 6BDI: BBB@ HHHH **2E
MH ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH ***2@!:*2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **3ZTM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M)2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T4E+0 44E'I0 M%)FB@!:*3
M-+0 44E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !124M !12 TM !1124 +1110
M 444G\J %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***3- T444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7SE\
M=OVR-+^%/CRT^'?A?PKK'Q-^)EU;_:O^$;T$#_182,J]S*01$&&#T) *D@!E
M)^C:^(/^:-O%XUM?C)\5=2C6X\2^)?&MY;R7#C+PVD*QM%!_LA3*WR@D85/
M04 ;5C^WMK?@GQ/HFF?&WX
ZY\']
UJX6SL_$$NHQZEIZS-C:LTJ1H(L\^N
M








M\1]$\2W%GX/\(VUQHGA**&&

M+\+?&3QM\1VM-(;PXWV3P=9V*;;DBV
8OKB;(S)(ZF?8%*@.H!'(H ^C_@/\

G:GXP\<:RI?3
M/GA^$37MP@R#
V2%BA!!!D









M  //2O.OV?\ X^:'^T9X%N/%GAJWNH=+34KK3HVN]@

[?P#_:J\&_M#7&N:=HL&LZ#XDT-E35/#?B6P-EJ
M-F&^Z[QY88)XX8X[XR
_*NO?%!?V6/V_OB-?6^@ZE\4SX\TVUN9M*\%VQO\


M3!K4BF2*3[3=0X^504VC!./D!/&6 /OJOEOXD?MI7MI\5-5^''PI^&FK_%[Q

?[%'QP^+6MZ;\
M*[SXK_#GQUKLWB%;OPY/F_LY)'=VC
 #


P/'2OFGPO\ M/?L

I1HY/+D.5'[MV(; ^4
MGBO

M^=OF^8T ?HT&]^U&[K@YKY7^)G@/X^_&#XSZ_I]KXUNO@]\)M'MX/[.U#2([
-D^%5G#K%MKS0I%<W=G+;/<*3'!?:(\9R=SL
M


M?8K)=(M)%0R+9GYBDF



8;
D:@'!(7++'N'S5R/[0'P-_:%^&O[-_COQ'




M7[-:J S '.




YOO\

M*_M

@
I!!(((Y[5ZCN_SBOSW_


 T



YQYEO-&C9(!8X=@?N'GY@J@'


MVD0DJIE1$*
2 ).YP0 ?=FM?&C4=
^*?PU\)6_@[4K_3_%]I=74^O0%C:Z48



MKJ&-))-)N%!B7**H;8#'DD9S+C/' ![Y\3O&5U\//AYXB\3VNCW7B*YTFQEO



9QSTH ^F
GZ4;C7P;\--6^+O[

M9'^




MX5TC3=3U:37-2L[.&VNM5FB6)[R5$59)V1?E5G(+%1P


-4_;J\;?
=JM<+BF-=Q4<DGG !. :?[5GP


OBK6]!OM_V;4+35HFBEV.R/M)B[
C+]0:^E?&

M9_!7]EKP3X




XM;#6+F\CU'3'E.



K @!HS\RD94GL2
M* /H7X[?'ZW^!VJ_#:RN-(FU8^-/%-IX9C:.X$7V1IVP)F!4[@O]T8SZUZYN



WCWX$?


M1'\(?A7XK\:RV3ZE'H&G3:BUFD@C









$)R5W*#C]:YCXG?%WPI\&]'L=7\7Z
MK_9&GWU_#IEO-]FFGWW
H;RX\1(Q&=I^8C QR17QO\3? _[0/A'X!7WQA?XW

M$

MWA'XDK\)/ '@2:*QOM5M8(9-0U74SHAD(\N.



HV/NKZCXI_:^+G[.?['L_B#XH:3IU]\6%O\ ^P]




BJL4
M$;$*LC@B0L
8WG!&S#4O#GQ'^(W[

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


21N
YPRG@CZT ?W[4/[;6@_&+P//\ O\

P:1;&V2$.0.K;0






M*MOIUH)/W9E=T #O



@]J /S4\1?$/0?$


MH?G#]GW]J3]CC]GNW:]TOQ#J6M^









M@#+E20RX/W169K7A_2_$EG]DU?3+/5;7=N\B]@29
^NU@10!^=7[6'Q6\!_M

;
97:=D7Y2Q5\#*YB'\10'T7X


M[=;)-Y9.



/_!1#

M

G)W
H!//K0!Y=^Q
M2W_&)/PB /\ S+-ET_ZY+7A/[:VJ6GPS_:@^ OQ/\=6-Q?\ PLT-KVUN;I(7


M61;F1P 9

MDAC5'@GQ_P M0?F)_BW!AD



MP3X?N-:CUB;0=


FT!8]EQM#.OE[-I^81
)2N
CD8)&VO9OB__P %&OA-XH^
M.KIX*UF;Q!XW\2:9)INE^%[6SE:_6\N$

YQS











M[3WQ;^/EA8WMEX$O[.U\-^'+B[A


7]JDX3.


:A$CC 55 &











!V

MEU*]TNUD6QTO3Q&QN))9G55+-$'1%4G+..^ WV_K&@Z;XBL6M-5T^UU.S9@Y



Z1


[E7R#X&ZI^ROK7PKL?%W


*!$11T50. /85GIX/T&/76UM-$T]-9;[VHK:1BX/&WF3&[H .M

(W?TKZ4L


M


MC'3]


TEO)8W B7

M V
CN
C(ZT ?).D_\%!O &N?LZPZ?87UQ=?%J;1CI*^X[*;[=_:HA,;1LF


M])ON(;6_1W1XD\N
M'G8@
B
#\_/RJ2/*?@8G@7PS^V1X#T7]EWQ'K.K^!+F
MVO9_&NDI=W-SHMG#Y9^SN&E!(D+ENK$YV#/S.*_1EO!^A2:&NBMHNGMHR\#3

_@7\*/VLOBYIG[17AF./3


B'Y+E9H459V//WU8_
M*#C!4GD)_AYX]^.'[!/B2X$/B#QWX8\+^.O[;\'QZ\9#J6K:# K18Z;F'ES2



?
M#/X6^ _VY-4\7?'CPRVH?#;QWI-M'9:_*+@VMAJ=O&D)BE
)#+NCA4^GS ]


M% !1110 4E+10 E+110 4444 %)2T4 %)2T4 %%%% 4M%% ;1Z4M%% !24
MM% !1110 4444 %%%% 4M%% !1110 4444 )2T44 %%%% !24M% !24M% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !28%+10 4E+10 E+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)M'
M(QQ2T4 )M'IBC I:* DQ2T4 %)2T4 %%%% 44M% !1110 E+110 4444 )
M@4M%% 48I:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M=&]S:&]P($-#(#(P
34N-2 H36%C:6YT;W-H*0 R
#$V.C$R.C R(#$U.C0Q
M.C4T   #H $  P    '__P  H ( !     $   $0H 
 !     $   !.
M      8! P #     0 &   !&@ %     0   28!&P %     0   2X!*  #
M     0     0 $     0   38 @ $     0  60         2     $
M  !(     ?_8_^T #$%D;V)E7T--  '_[@ .061O8F4 9(     !_]L A  
M @(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
# P
#!$
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$,# P,
M#!$1# P,# P,$0P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# S_P  1  E
M ($# 2(  A$! Q$!_]T !  )_\0!/P   04! 0$! 0$          P ! @0%

! (%
M!P8(!0,,,P$  A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D%5+!8C












M-+VXUV3_AO\)CLLMJ7
M*CJ&;AGK'3QG9-X8YU^;G
=MNLVU48 Q^F





ZAT'Z\''RSC=0JR+NJ55C-:^Q]0H
<S%JQNEOTZ
H'JC\;.RM^-;=4UKWNPW.#M
MWKN%5M?5KO38_PV
_5L/]'B8F#]FQ
7T^O224\B/J1U#]G]/Q'=4K Z-91=
MTZJO%:RCU

5O2


MOU9C
REN39^RJ<7 RJV_HK?T&9LM_6/TFAC?5E


M/USZO].9]5Z



MHTLK9T7J#]_5 /::
@PQO4]/8ZC(_1U=1_T7Z/._[FKH$E/G%/U6^M=M?3L&

MOZ;U+/JMZ*[2U]=;J\S(K
SAY5E;VXU+'M]F3D8M5;\FOV5U8:Z)))2VUO@$
MDZ22G__1]527RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*




M    0FQT;F5N=6T    





M 06     0 !.$))300F       .             #^    X0DE-! T
M  0   !X.$))3009       $    'CA24T#\P      0           0 X
M0DE-)Q        H  0         !.$))30/T       2 #4    ! T    &

M #A24T$         @ #.$))300       *             #A24T$,
M    !0$! 0$! #A24T$+0      !@ !    !SA24T$       $     $

M      !

M   !$     9S;&EC97-6;$QS     4]B:F





M         $)T;VUL;VYG    3@    !29VAT;&]N9P   1     #=7)L5$58

M  9A;'1486=415A4     0      #F-E;&Q497AT27-(5$U
8F]O; $    (

$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,# P,#!$,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P, 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.
M#@X.%!$
# P
#!$1# P
# P
$0P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P




A

D8N%R


!  (1 Q$

M^!59N##80Y[K;_3#G_9\6BNW)O\ ^#J]/^=LK7
]0]+H'6NEW9/4;
C.JJNR

MF=1I^R.R+'68V*X1951#6T



YWK7[;:_U7





M_H['Y5-D3NK8/5RL.W]ZC
IK])W^CM]'(_G*&)*=M)!^V8W[X^XI)*?_T.UZ
MQDT]/^LF!U+J+VT].KQ

M4_J[F?63J&=E]/MR
3#OI9=3DV/=3ZN;0WTNF







M #-^L0--]=F

 : !O '     9
M $$ 9 !O &( 90 @ %  : !O '0 ;P!S &@ ;P!P   0P!#   
@ P #$



M+6
Q
S(@-SDN
34Y
C@T+ R,#$V+S T+S$Y+3$S.C$S.C0P( @( @( B

N;W)G+S$Y.3DO
M
#(O



M0W)E871E1&%T93TB
C Q-BTQ
BTP
E0Q-3HT

M=&%D871A1&%T93TB
C Q-BTQ
BTP
E0Q-3HT


38M
3(M
#)4
34Z-#$Z-30M
#4Z


S0P8V4M
3DT
M
BTT8V8P+3AC938M965F8CDT83=F
&
V(B!P:&]T;W-H;W Z0V]L;W)-;V1E
M/2(Q(B!P:&]T;W-H;W Z24-#4')O9FEL93TB1&]T($=A:6X@
C E(B!D8SIF


M94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED.F8V83
T
&-E+3$Y-#(M-&-F


C
V.6$Q
V8M8S-F
2TT9&0X
M+3EF-&4M
&0Q-CEB
60Y
V5E(B!S=$5V=#IW:&5N/2(R
#$V+3$R+3 R5#$U
M.C0Q.C4T+3 U.C P(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!0:&]T
M;W-H;W @0T
@



3AD
M838V9#$U
S
\+W)D9CIL:3X@/')D9CIL:3YA9&]B93ID;V-I9#IP:&]T;W-H
M;W Z-6%D9&$S9F4M9CDU8BTQ



M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @



@26YC;W)P;W)A=&5D    9&5S8P         -
M1&]T($=A:6X@
C E
M
M  !865H@        ]M8  0    #3+5A96B                      8W5R
M=@        $     $  @ #  0 !0 &$ ?P@ ,4 [ $7 40!=0&H =X%@)2



1TU33F!/



+YQ(?&

MZV_M'^[0\(+R-?/J]:#W5_D0^LK\A?Y!____[@ .061O8F4 9       _]L
M0P ! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M @( @( @( @(# P,# P,# P,#_\  P@ 3@$0 0$1 /_=  0 (O_$ $P
M 0  P$!  ,            )@8' 4 00+$   !@( @( 0
$ @


XL)I2IL?&16M;5Q!A8PBP(LT6


SG').RM$CCSTC.;WAA?FU&\
SL@4




MEA3K
%YSC #
BL-C/
M6+HVM;#U4'V(V3A677W<Z
]K3GI'J-U^H

M'[)RNG_K\=CUF;D5'L#K]M%:$4LO;S3&\)E4]@2B-I4C:DL6!MSNJ:8G8;:4

&Q%Y-CZ]59



\^G)R;F9N


M&A\9!D6
XSGP(]W6]2
61*I%@T:.<G1B)M/Z


*SXBS!A
S^./R''CG2W'/'D
@8HDP/D

3


M;@UNB4I:@7)5!(AE'IE24\ P#+(1!%C.,YQST332BC3SSR222QFG'&C6


ZD:P[8QK5
MVJVB#.CNWRK=K9EH 7
[!F4=



 O7^/./XY
MF'*N_:/WE;'ZV[EV3ISI5250VK










M19N ^S62S^GJW7







Q36,C;$Z(_)SH,Q<D,24G)-+M=Z?]H&NV[6P^X6O%
%2M:[::RYIADWFZ



.!@&



M0P=XDRN92!UDIOJE1
=.0*OW=R5CR



M-]6*G*++4*5#=DP;VQ4- 0K5!3-8,?(F5F-*2]^=K/;U6G7EUY(-LR4YY]


Y++28
P:I*SG


M20

MKE
'$MAA3H^+U4/!G('S&Y4#4DIS3SDJGG7KEME2GV3NVU3JM8EK?X7UF:G
MQZ3V)$H1*SH.X[;2^/OD?BV)$].!JMM.+8'%8ZB4MY 

MJ[[(;ATW0#1Z.Z6:'1*CG#8NI+-8K%PR:[1I1


^OI_C33U&:015IL*&SEU0TFSO;L5%90ED)
MC$.1.#@[B8W
D!PEK6X
)RW*%4F-++_&5$&$XQ_PYV=V&;M5SUX:@W+ME9A9

M].1@D(

0YDOEC+MY'Z^CT $8W*JML'0
MM*]9@%A




H0XQZ

M:%@Y0P/+P%:2$X164Y!GOCV+&&%?:&B7'MCL?O [;H*7(7^N=1#V2
:G2R.N
M#B6[KI54+I&E[C(VUSFM)H6J+UL7^^,$L)4@3E+@#P,8BAY/9]9/4G238'

M

M5)JZJIP8G.9WF\2
)T



4EY3(8




M?7-WB:E[*

83  EQ

D2

MX[$I
!

P68

M
Z5C+JQN-]BC0F


=#UC.QH44@CDK I5)Q
[S%7$@Q(

T

FEI4/['%3W
S#:E$2X9+ 9DD?2]Z?7:H&Y^L#7;0*(2


MJ^QEV54\9J9LW5G77J;14K5JFZ93IA)-N&=
9
9RB=(7*J]CY
QD+5&W5&Y(
M A:UB


UE!9*HL  $JT
MWZY%ZF8P6
!F1J?K$=2+I%:[9)#3TZD
KA
J

+3I'





MN@4LT;J&UVW7YHE0JW9E3X6P'KF__ H ^-#WF'A;F94V&)D#J)A2E&A+S@H9



!HLX8W
!ZMK
!@Y
(9'R2\?
MW1I/O/W)Q_K)LNF=VYWVDZ]&3Q_==@GR6:CJ!;]3W4UVK=T=8'9



7_!;6)

M]]9;1





HY=1NC&NZ=; @11SD


:C#

U-Y $R%L:FM


HTHT 3SS
MY,LP L9
 PYSC.
XSC.

M) I*Q%[H3-B%*/%GTI) ^&F1M
D2&@7Y;R31'E%FY

M)Q8#2C0+-*,$99A8PY,LP L9
 PYSC.
XSC.
\JP[:]4VT^@&QSMV+='

M9R:F/E3ZRNV/7KLG@*HN




P00K$_K;UB\HCDWC;
M#

Q.L1+4AP3S R$018SCG

$8

MM/7G[TCV.:?VAO-7L:=VQB@&]6F3

Y2MK=\ZU
M4D)))
-%@H1BPX7YAT_% W0R[#U!KECL1LB




X_VSC//SQQQ
MQS__T+_'''''''''''''''''''''''''''/.=OU/Z]3^\_7?JO4'YG[;\;]?

end







begin 644 ernst_younga01a12.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    9   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0  0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( @( @( @( P
# P
# P
# P$! 0$! 0$ 0$
M @(! @(# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#
M P
# P
# P
#_\  $0@ 'PF P$1  (1 0,1 ?_$ &P  0  P$  P
M       )@8' 

^X!E=]QPF!R2885Q!8&]);E+-L-9
M%XR'*MJZJZ.MS-C6Z1?D6Z2B044_53V6U^VN/GP*\-+&_9WVJC(;)[.X:['
M)C)%-Y(A77.D=Z;KCB#E^5&[51QBDHW V"ZYMNP%&.SD@O)AC-!LY7PD


$5FP\4'$CFRCARY74310



M=?)!1;;Y4;(;+9#,/7K#^L0-YF?:UEOICT!=

S:CW

MZR
F'

M2U8/&8;7Q9S;
WCCA'=P.:1FNRFPHJ]/%TM/LT:[[)?GUVUVUV^FV-LA&N:_

$;W*O!J2B##357#MH$EKR





I/+ LQ81^\V

M7LWBYS6O1G.E)646GTCCK4!6Q?0IK:DR4+2#=P6'.&0P6VW3RF$D?(/JS[WK




M=@8;[FSKC&JB:^-E-$]' ;DB


:A


 \!X#P'@5
MST[:@W=

R4GG85KQK&PYO.I
M^:Q%017$5.;*C1(K)-1GN0(-UT [_\ 4M2LMJ_CJ*63;*JKOHCL$X3[.Z0=



MY8QC@@]]%


[I*X_5-33&?G


Z_7X^

Q[

26^6WTRGG.GQX&3^ \!X#P/_9
end







begin 644 lkurziussignaturea08.jpg
M_]C_X0RZ17AI9@  34T *@    @ !P$2  
    !  $   $:  4    !
M8@$;  4    !    :@$H  


$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,# P,#!$,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P, 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
# P
M#!$1# P
# P
$0P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

M!P8(!0



A




!  (1 Q$ /P#U*FFJBIE-



MEOZOB_T[/]+#JV9.[T;.Z.




M1N#;'-LM:'_2VVV
999^^])30QOK'T?)R&XK+G5Y+PTUT7U6T6/:Z=ME-.77
ZI]X%V=D
YJQ0=

M
P_OWW/97O\ H5_SEGZ-#Z/TUV#399D%MG4

MQ\6O_05_I/TWJVO2G!Z)=B=+^T8.!TQMO5Z\G(Q]E-;:O3QA;;;TX]0SMFVG

;J?LJNI8TO8Z\M:ZRO#?COS*


^C[




M_]'O^H]#LS.H-S*LRS%#J#BWBL#?Z1=ZL8=Y/ZC9:_;]INK8^RVJJGT_L]]%




MTW!]C?T&;G;;:K?SVW8&+^?Z7VRZNST
]BT'=-S' C]JY;9\&XW_ +QJSB8[
M
7%IQ:P!70QM; T!K0U@#&AK&_0;I]%&24XV9]6FYE#67=0S77TN]3&R18UC
G@XM.+7
M^[16VL:Z_1K:U4OJ\?3KS\-PA^+GY._6?Z2_]JU_^ ]0J4#]7WX9W=RW=-$
MS]D+?6PSJ2Z

M)0      $                      X0DE-!#H      0\    0     0




M;       0VYT0V)O;VP      $QB;'-B;V]L      !.9W1V8F]O;
M16UL1&)O;VP      $EN=')B;V]L      !8VMG3V)J8P    $       !2
M1T)#     P    !29 @9&]U8D!OX            $=R;B!D;W5B0&_@






M   !  $X0DE-!8       X             /X   #A24T$#0      !


M300(       0     0   D    )      #A24T$'@      !      X0DE-
M!!H      TD    &              !G   !.     H 50!N '0 :0!T &P
M90!D T 
0    $                          0             !.



    !3V)J8P    $



M      !




M96YU;0    ]%4VQI8V5(;W)Z06QI9VX    '9&5F875L=     EV97)T06QI


MY@    !    E    #$   &\  !4_   WP &  !_]C_[0 
061O8F5?0TT
M ?_N  Y!9&]B90!D@     '_VP$  P( @) P)0P1PH+$14/# P/%1@3
M$Q43$Q@1# P,# P,$0P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P!#0L+
M#0X-$ X.$!0.#@X4% X.#@X4$0P,# P,$1$,# P,# P1# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,#/_  !$( #$ E ,!(@ $0$#$0'_W0 $  K_Q $_
M   !!0$! 0$! 0         #  $! 4&!P@)@L!  $% 0$! 0$!
M  $  @

S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH


MVO\ \)D7WM]-F



MK/U?])]-'Q;^O79C3D8E&)A .W3:;;W'V^CM976RBIO\YZOZ:Y)3I))))*09

M1\G(;BLN=7DO#371?5;18]KIVV4TY==-EU7M_G:V^FK]]]6/19D7';52QUEC
Y[_;[W.4
MVN98UMC'-<):X:@@]VN5#HV%E8+<RFXM-3\R^_&VF3Z=[OM;]_M;M=]JNR4


MXV-2RVO]S.L]*VG)].ZBZWZS]





J]6UE%GZ.SU



Z@W
JS+



+?3?B'&O:2=Q++&W8A8(V[6^KF^K[O]$M!)


=[




M/0SV+0=TW


M='1P.B\O;G

M[[N_(B!I9#TB5S5-











N861O8F4N

N



34N-2 H36%C:6YT

38M
3(M
#)4
38Z
C$Z
S M
#4Z
M

38M
3(M
#)4
38Z
C$Z
S M
#4Z
M

#$V+3$R+3 R5#$V.C(Q.C
P+3 U.C P
M(B!P:&]T;W-H;W Z0V]L;W)-;V1E/2(Q(B!P:&]T;W-H;W Z24-#4')O9FEL
M93TB1&]T($=A:6X@





#$U+C4@*$UA8VEN=&]S:DB+SX@/]R9&8Z4V5Q


M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @



       !A8W-P05!03     !N;VYE
M             0  ]M8  0    #3+4%$0D4



M 
4 [ $7 40!=0&H =X%@)2 I T 


M$441U!)E$O@3C10D%+T55Q7T%I(7
A?4&'@9'AG&&F\;&QO(''8=)QW:'HX?

M
7TR7#
]-!\U S7I-M WN3BD.9 Z?CMM/%X]43Y%/SM 
T$L0B9#(D0@11]&


M='JZ? %]2GZ5?^&!+H)\@\V%'H9QA\6)&XIRB\N-)8Z!C]V1/)*;D_V57Y;#

# P
# P


M
U-+VF<0\,HG,,_/LPS
MQ(LR:M9F^U[.&C'W14_[F.S.
VG95V15]J+I
MK_DR :JT_!)*ID=8?Y'F\.=X#+XIGT):)%9YL)9I&:=.;'3$EMTFE*)WLH
ME#(B 0V;IO'''''''''''''''.@6K:4 IM9W<%JRALA-:5E%'V<3N7/(S0M


JLY7LZM
K$)9X/,GN........?_T=_C
MCCCCCCD0-X]WJ+Z_M?I+L+?+PN(8FQ2DCL/AT:3D.MA6O8[V$X$3JVLXX:H3
M#D,UE@@?Q%Y&6E1I23UJPY.B3*%!6FO0-


M
4*3QC..

-&



ME(Q1U@:$F

YP HL(?TYVGCCCCCCCCG_]+?XXXXXXY5KO\



LL3F@6C3'!-]QIR40RS!#P/SBX/7RDH?K31%




M@&I;:P!\R9N.4A3/'ORF7%O&P&VMR%H;T+6V)$J!N;4:9O0(428A&B1(41($
MZ1&C1I2RDJ1*E(+ LHL RP8P$.

M8VJUJ6!3FGVJ+AN=-M4ZD!L_OL:FG6 Q'6_7H$#VA:EDG4(7).INZ;101[
769HNX.RAZ:-L=

MZ5WSN/LU+5E0:A:\

ERESW\A*5L2&$


BAM
6 :V4T11J003EZP MBG5[IYTKU@LLJ_
M





*VX+ZF)H$;$4Y!(5M^6VNH
4?^9DSFI5MJ!
WIPIAKDRE:CR/GKLT.(T



MK[#DE2607#)(TR




GHD;A)W\+BL-5NKD(P#:PQV/
2%VDTMDCEDHP1#:UHUBXTLHPP)62RC!!\







_+TC::S_ )+F+D1K=H;:/2
M3)4V9*YKR6=BE4WJ3
)6OR
0@@P+//IV_
MVRV9M1.Y%J[TL5]&MK;
;P&LEF[MR%S5)-#-6U:]
B-(7K[*;6YT0[ V(B1.




M$V(I*K9DQ#LB8UH






M)!#4ALQY2%'KF1#L+M

MTL&
U=55?M WF73B6KP-[*S(_E*2I2Q\&*ESFZNDI(@0I2CUK@M.*3)B33


JX@2F
6A%%$M98



4VMLJP;DIRQ9&*-KVR
NSU$





5R8H61  [SC#09
MGP6!9\^]8O/'Y_7D:[
Z1NJFX[YE6R]G:5U3
KAG+L4_S%Z=SYF.
2=]+;RF


9%G/CSG/.X

LKMJN(W/U*&(HGAQ?T+#A#)T+DTGH4#P\+
M%!&#4Y@R1JSO8(.#1X%#+9?H+ZL-CJXD\%2:G5'KY(9$MC*]';^M=;5U5%K1


M$6)GB\4BK*UQR
1F/-J-F8(['F-$0V

MXY?&0P?4C2V/R A&[(6)##:]922IE9KZ?)$Z@TI*G5)DKFL+)-1N9P7K#-GU






M+G(XTVI6Q(%.D)R
9:8  XR#.


LNGI

M/T?=6U\8WMN1.[
]
ZY
YM+NTN28M8W.C6XHC3D;@W+TAP#23RAC*-+%@019

K)9!)0#%2LY
B3



KCF' 
8P(H'O]3^.RY-%C=;


C+3!
M]
8QC'(I?R;=;*ZV0B_4M9\WC/26)VYZS:Z/U*8-
X$UKL T35LLAN1+BQ
M .2F.::'(!8R'.

I@R$ BR5JM0H2DIAG@B-UQT5J




E.6C3)\CS\8 XQCQ
_CCCCCCCG O/C/

MK@=_

4JA_]AG



0A9@!D9@


+&QD)$J3&0)DPOF
MV\'3UO$]/2O7-/M;+=*K'G:ES1QF.O
ME.;
/;D <X'SP-^J_<_?@FU;LOV2TSJE'596URRH^NO6
MUYKW5M4?= PL:MD-L%5@S*
R3!)X0_=-L62@*R7@1(0C\C%]=CZ&M G97%9



L769-:NHG1!I?KSJQ6



9.$' L9+'D.?3
M.
_3./VS^^
\Z_%8C%(*PMT5A$9C\.B[04

M&Y 28I.&8()18 B
HG5'792WHY#M_M








MH&CD-&Z:-KL['8LQQ1J



9








MJ]J6$(!F&((;64+C4BJ$9PQ&G1QZ*-C2T)A&FC$(60$XR(0LYSZYYD+&
8
M\^
8QYSG.?&/'G.?KG/[YSSGCCG&
8Q]
8Q]?IC'Z^//^_CG//_0W4MP-/ZA
MW:J

Y K






MWQ5-A0G+R 0 C%DW-P4/8W&
Q*



UHTH5($PC2CLG(QD



3
M/2F



6=H[/C.
XS]
XSY_P!/U^GKS6*W



USJOKA 

_9CVFUWB18@C3+$








MIKD/X0@C\/L]VUZ_?\ \]W:VF)*G;UP$:'L=TKC


- 8 AS0)G81Z8S.



M(A9\8Q_KGZY\8]

FU:F X3HWUD&RZKI'M$[1AHD\


Z[8$)B
MY4(AL3AI#U)9(3$XTQ1HN13-]62B8OX&)K2M87N625PSE?(9*ZA2_.N7'_\

EFDG%&8$




ZN7PF
MA5.!ZA$F+(2XP62246&=/'''''''''.
^/U\?]_'(V;!I]1%#K28=I1Z\@?


/IC_ $YSQQQQS__9
end







begin 644 msmithsignaturea08.jpg
M_]C_X0QO17AI9@  34T *@    @ !P$2  
    !  $   $:  4    !
M8@$;  4    !    :@$H  


$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,# P,#!$,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P, 0T+PT.#1 .#A 4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
# P
M#!$1# P
# P
$0P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

M!P8(!0



A




!  (1 Q$ /P#U*FFJBIE-

O+L%5%0E[S)Y.UK6M;N?99
M8]WIU55_I+;/T=?O24G26+1U[

M=:PD.S8T?338WZ'3/S+;V?T_^;I_4_TN5NU554U
II8VNJMH976P!K6M:-K6
M

MZK_MS:[:K:2E)(;KZ6W

M]56'];


ZCD.=5]

PL
C&J]??1]
MNKZ92E/4=.Z7U'K-O[2Z[5Z%5S2&8#M7EQ#FX5OYM5#]K']1K_G^IW?H<OT
M^G4?LU=



S^8QZ_W_5M6=TS
MZM].RNLY=F0'=0JPMM-]N4XVG(S'
%EUUU;G.Q_3PL2ZO&Q*JJ:JJ/M?4J?3



MSNCH[
7ZR4UOQ1;U1K*\\X&--=37 VLZ?CNR6?H_L^+9]HR^J]2R]]^1D_9/

_+NK_ 
!7
M[

;J&03LQ\:B^LNLM/T*][7.;37[OT

M
=^T


ZEU'( KOS&06-8/TC
/$K:ZS[-B5[M
M_I;_ %+?Y_)MNN_2+86'T7(ZAD9CG
RKLSIK&/#LG)J95ZEI-7H_8/1JQG6X




M;':6-OLL8QVOYC4E-OA)P):06DB X1(\QNW-3I)*:W3LCIV'7AX^XLKDE]


JRR76Y

MWO4:S?N5Y))2DDDDE/\ _]+U5)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22G
MZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?_V?_M%!)0:&]T
M;W-H;W @

M; $     26YT965N=6T     26YT90    !#;')M    #W!R:6YT4VEX=&5E
M;D)I=&)O;VP     W!R:6YT97).86UE5$585    !8 0P!A &X ;P!N 
M:0!M &$ 9P!E %  4@!% %
 4P @ $





M    $ 6     0 ! )8    !  $X0DE-!8       X             /X

M0DE-!#        
! 0$ .$))300M       &  $    $.$))300(       0
M     0   D    )      #A24T$'@      !      X0DE-!!H      TD
M   &              !G   !'P    H 50!N '0 :0!T &P 90!D T 
0

M             0                         0     0       &YU;&P


    !3V)J8P    $       5S;&EC



969T




M4VQI8V5(;W)Z06QI9VX    '9&5F875L=     EV97)T06QI9VYE;G5M


061O8F5?0TT  ?_N  Y!9&]B
M90!D@     '_VP$  P( @) P)0P1PH+$14/# P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1# P,
M# P,$0P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P!#0L+#0X-$ X.$!0.
M#@X4% X.#@X4$0P,# P,$1$,# P,# P1# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,#/_  !$( #$ B0,!(@ $0$#$0'_W0 $  G_Q $_   !!0$! 0$!
M 0         #  $! 4&!P@)@L!  $% 0$! 0$!          $  @
$!08'

M(R054L%B
S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH



M
+[!Z[&4[!ZN5BL:ZNFJU]U5=?ZW9?ZEGZ3'K_2^E;HZWTS)S_V?CV^K?LL?


MVKN%GUH+J:GFOZO EMUK0[-C1]--C?H=
_
MO9_3_YNG]3_2Y6[55534RF


M[&693*?1V5=0M_IEEV39B8V/@_9K

1$E/_]#U58?ULR:
+&PNHY





M *)ZWZ9)3VS&

222=K&
M


)*=WJW5\;HF-3B8F/ZV4\




9!
M8U@_2


M0=8
-_JU5;CZ9L_P=MM7T;7T?2HW_P T_P!ZMN:US2UPEKA!'D4Z22G#^L/3
MF5?53*P.GX\4TT@-Q:6ZNJ86V78]3&_2??2VRK^7O6QCY%&517DX]C;:+FA]



]1K-^Y7DDE*22224_P#_TO54E\JI)*?JI)?*J22G
MZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27
MRJDDI__9 #A24T$(0      80    $!    #P!! &0 ;P!B &4 ( !0 &@


2XP+P \/WAP86-K970@


M+W=W=RYW

3DY.2\P
B\R


M+F%D;V)E+F-O;2]X87 O




#$U+C4@
&UP+FEI9#IE-#EE.68R.2UF
M
C(R+30W83$M8C5C
BTS.#0W-F)F


Q.2UF.35C+3$Q-SDM.&$X

#
X8S$W83DX
#DB('!H

M;W0@1V%I;B R

C
R.&8M.65D




^(#QR9&8Z0F%G/B \

S5B-3%E-2UF.3-D+3$Q

M.F8Y.#8W.68P+68Y
V
M
3$W.2TX83AD+3DQ.&1A-C9D
34S


M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @


MTRU!1$)%
M           %8W!R=    
     R9&5S8P   /0   !G=W1P=    5P    4
M8FMP=    7     4:U120P   80   (

3DY

         #41O

M M #$P-9 Z$#[ 0Y!(@$V@4N!84%W@8Y!I8&]@=7![L((@B*/0)80G0D$*


MIFFGWJE4JLNL1*V^KSFPMK(TL[2U-+:WN#JYO[M%O
MO
M[1_NT/"\C7SZO6@]U?Y$/K*_(7^0?___^X #D%D;V)E &0      /_; $,
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0(



HG./



M
! \CY_4   #R(B(^  /\QYV ?/U#_Z_^_''.IC 0HF'SX*'D?'U'_@'\1Y7
2D9:0<I.8=*WL(Z2





M.JY'R

V[#]F

M==T[%M/6_D
Q%)SE:Q7 $(NW;S58U-L+HP[?ND^#:$C)1%J)SR
?7$DV[82?






V#*.:HL6+&/;IM&#%
MDU3*BT9
FB)$T&K1HW(5-)

5%%3[3=!593XHI*'+C[/
M.^O2G6[&PIN9=K.O]XN
LY8

M+=)54)'\E#XB'-LTUJD*H7S\3!Y#SX\_M]? B'._.!$  1'Z  (_Y!]1
I<V[K^S#N7W%TWX
J4S3K;U8!<AK+2S3;=<$X
M[3M6;%/(S
9(P








MS




MG1;
[#K$72(9O5

)J2=RDFLD*QF$9)RLDNM



MX
LJ4#%D

M !YCG4]:SG%*/8=
U:ZUN@Y_4X]22L5LM$HWBXB+;)E.8/N+K' SARX$GP1;


YK^E]VK17)4Z
M$K:&D2JBBI!4=)PW%K'/W@.4HH45E&J:TDL=2

2[SXJHM&J-MCTFI9Q4Z]1*'7X6I4JHP\=7:K5JY'-(
MF!KL#$M4V<;$1$:R32;,V+-LF!$(4   _?R(^I$Y $ $Y0$?T 3!Y'R/CZ?
M7Z_7G'W4P^@J$#]?^\O\/J/\?X!SDIRF#R4Q3 /U 2B @/\ R'G;G4IR&_TG





MW=/&I/LD*V9_!F28X! ?/@0'P/@? ^? _L/[#SGG_]6_QQR/_P!BGL'R+UXX

&CE-Q:??0:?=;1+$%#D_!KL0A'$U)G 48YH(?ZEU


M[R?
S-:G7*S$JE6DGTQ)5XP

MP7&864M9G-@J?I[ZAEJT16\WSNJ


X3M^RP4:_CG

J2*::1=CM*UK


M*EYI2HLA1?6N^62*JM?:G4'X(I+2DRZ9M?OK*?RD2 PJ*&$ *41$ Y7-[)?W

WZS_<.]C9K#
K?V;/O3

6V+:HH_8)/ZK8/FZB
?H



M7U#K1U@F.PFC*;QMVIKT8VU]A+?:K4+0#UY: ?A'Y?3X2A5)!.)A8UN/X\:0


M*OL$'@E




?FIHE54^XW<MR*RK^KCV8=^NW?L)V? ]@S:C53&<*QM0FF







90
M[/!6)E7H])O^%$






NDUF)\#*B@9=9JBO\$F


ML]F'K*]F;_)
XV[LE:]J[O=H-7TJ.K*M1PV*E;/GG52BJ0\C*.R1=1@H D
\



77W6]XG_ %:[



B
1I5WO[1E9_:9
MW.


Z?5EU&1KS+69:.^^

D0T


K\/6*Q3*JX:HKU37^S=9@RDA+5J4G$&;'9PATQ





MUU

M;-91X


I&$M_
M;/VV[WHN$.;QC-1M?KMZ(MVBU1K&ZVBOQT7V=[)/FT:X2IF8=*\L
*4/60DF


A)3=&K[B4DA


MH.7TE=FX2F;+:Z!588K_ 

%&IXNL1K%DE)OI1RU5
!&4
@+I8X_(I!.'R#5
M?U:X?*Z-W

^N/7?#GT %#G]@K-#G5)W_Y+7?-VIFS&


DY8*JI2+F:*S(2Y2;==1.-;G+7
;?UUIP:#O%<RF[RN/TL4VZX6/1
M6L]/4XX6KMTR;/04F?M&_'.LD#CX_;^1?EYY!)Z,O4?=NN#ZU=UNZT 23[C
MZ?)V)S78ZSO8VR6#*(V*JR5OLTF^8N9&-9ZSJ$V^=*22C5=08N+
5@FJ7\A

MZVY07 I@^X1;[8B!3FY.'G^?U?




MSI



MY7V3ARS;.9RQV*7:LFA55DDOO+ )SE(4Q@A#ZZ=
]Y]KUN/W.]I]55KG7]_$
M6!KU!]?*[R;AXG.ZO9T7L2AL^Q S6CGLQK$S5G!58S\DA7+(7(.038_!NU3_
M (W6L[YZ+M!KM$WFY:)V=]5M_D7T1FNTV!-2Q:_TNM)&LP\I^.Z#(-_RI30


 ASP
M76OK#A_47*HK%.OE B\YS:&DYJ;:0


+
S53D#*(+

WV
M6R*)2IAJOGWI.];.;;/([O=:Z_+75W9)6WQL9=+!9KMGU7LTS).)=_-UC-
MK-)2-*C'W]07%1J86:H1P_'\



M3/

$H=G955U%6R3;_P
MMTP)][Y_S F&PN/^I3K]4[U$[+V'M.F=Y-Y@7YIN:GVNL@7Y&DJ D21SS-



MLT.]E7B#;[ATXBQU^:8)%#Y 1.YL4?D4IO A\@ ? _J'D//@?'T\ASGCCCCC
MCCG @!@\& !#]A !#_KP!2A]0* #X\?0 #Z?M_ESGCCG_]&_QQQQQS7SM7UL
MS'N!UZU;K5LD0:9SG7JH]JM@21
5.0CCJB1Y#V*&7.4Q&T]6)UHVD&*A@
4C
MILF)@
7R UM

N^6:15DFE%
\CE%D*6




MA9
];S%T\!0$A:-K[55W0*BH=$$A02E3*@H*R9B?'QY^11#]0'G\%BW_  BI
M)*+VG:\CK*2)?FJK8=(IL*DD0#)%$RBDE






M
82@B!4?'VBE(&W-!ZS==

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018


























































  2018


























































249
735
964
















































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



545
617











000
702
694












Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



602
644











249
033
270







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016













408.9


834.1


411.5





037.3


823.9


579.8





371.6


010.2


831.7



Selling
 general and administrative expense

429.5


244.8


175.0
















































Other income
 net


































































































































































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.















































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016





























Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment
 before Tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges
 before Tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent








Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


















































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
























































Amount
 before tax
 after reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
















Trade accounts receivable
 less allowances of $6.4 for 2018 and $6.6 for 2017






















479.9


617.0



Property
 plant and equipment
 net








527.9


490.1



Intangible assets
 net

873.3


071.1












256.4


385.8








































001.7


947.3





052.9


443.9







094.5












074.2


814.9












760.2


166.5



















182.2


570.9





256.4


385.8








































370.4


294.7




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.





















































































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of investments
 and noncurrent assets classified as other.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017


Trade accounts receivable
 allowances













Common stock
 par value (usd per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000.0


000
000.0



Common stock
 shares issued

600
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

600
000


000
000










Common stock
 par value (usd per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000.0


000
000.0



Common stock
 shares issued

500
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

500
000


000
000







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


























































































































































































327.4)























Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment





















508.3)














Short-term borrowings
 net












989.6


























































































756.0













































Deferred income taxes
 cash impact






















































































U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit)





















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of distribution received from equity method investee for return on investment
 classified as operating activities. Excludes distribution for return of investment
 classified as investing activities.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of financial instruments used in operating activities
 including trading securities
 risk management instruments
 and other short-term trading instruments.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
















































































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policy
 classified as investing activities. Includes
 but is not limited to
 bank-owned life insurance policy.




























The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions
















Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2015
















Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2015

686.9


039.6


036.7






























































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax




















































































Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders
















Shares purchased and retired
 Shares
















Shares purchased and retired
 Value
















Shares issued
 Shares
















Shares issued
 Value
















Equal exchange
 shares
















Equal exchange
 amount
















Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2016
















Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2016

638.1


084.2


056.8






























































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax





































































































Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders
















Shares purchased and retired
 Shares
















Shares purchased and retired
 Value
















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues
















Shares issued
 Value
















Equal exchange
 shares
















Equal exchange
 amount
















Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2017
















Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2017

570.9


672.9


166.5






























































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

































New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle
 Effect of Adoption
 Quantification




















































































Noncontrolling Interest
 Decrease from Distributions to Noncontrolling Interest Holders
















Shares purchased and retired
 Shares
















Shares purchased and retired
 Value
















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues
















Shares issued
 Value
















Equal exchange
 shares
















Equal exchange
 amount
















Balance
 Shares at Nov. 30
 2018
















Balance
 Value at Nov. 30
 2018

182.2


770.6


760.2















Shares issued
 including tax benefit.




























Shares issued
 including tax benefit
 value.
















































































































































Amount of paid and unpaid cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind (PIK) dividends declared
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred stock.

























































Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.













































































































































































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.



















































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016









Shares issued
 tax benefit
















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates
 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
that is
Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date
 with the resultant translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of those affiliates. Income and expense items of those affiliates are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. We record our ownership share of the net assets and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated balance sheet on the lines entitled &#8220;Investments and other assets&#8221; and &#8220;Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
Property
Property
 years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized 
 of software development costs during 2018
 2017 and 2016
Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist
 upon either shipment or delivery
 and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and rebates
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
 general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was 
 
 
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S.&#160;We contribute to defined contribution plans in locations outside the U.S.
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
In February 2018
Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018
referred to herein as the U.S. Tax Act) enacted in December 2017. We early adopted this new accounting pronouncement effective December 1
In July 2015
 This guidance is intended to simplify the subsequent measurement of inventories by replacing the current lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost and net realizable value test. We adopted ASU No. 2015-11 effective December 1
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09 
 which supersedes previously existing revenue recognition guidance. Under this new guidance
 companies will apply a principles-based five-step model to recognize revenue upon the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The model encompasses the following steps: (1) determination of whether a contract - an agreement between two or more parties that creates legally enforceable rights and obligations - exists; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognition of revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. The new revenue recognition guidance allows companies to account for shipping and handling activities that occur before and after the customer has obtained control of a product as fulfillment activities rather than as a promised service. We intend to apply this accounting policy election. In addition
 the new revenue guidance requires that customer payments be accounted for as a reduction in the transaction price unless the payment to a customer is in exchange for a distinct good or service. The adoption of this standard will not have an effect on the timing of our revenue recognition. This new standard will be effective beginning in fiscal year 2019 and may be applied using a full retrospective method or a modified retrospective transition method. We will adopt ASU No 2014-09 using the full retrospective method on December 1
 2018
Upon adoption of the new ASU in fiscal 2019
 we plan to make the following changes to our revenue recognition accounting policy and disclosure practices. We will classify shipping and handling expenses as a component of cost of goods sold rather than our current practice of recording these costs as a component of selling
 general and administrative expense. Also
 we will classify all payments to direct and indirect customers
 including certain trade funds used for cooperative advertising and displays
 as a reduction of revenue. Currently
 certain of those payments are presented as brand marketing support costs and included as a component of selling
 general and administrative expense. While there will be no effect on operating income
 net income
 or basic and diluted earnings per share upon our adoption of ASU No. 2014-09 in 2019
 for each of the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016; (ii) an increase in cost of goods sold by 
 
 in the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; and (iii) a decrease in selling
 for the year ended November 30
 for the year ended November 30
 for the year ended November 30
In March 2017
This guidance revises how employers that sponsor defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans present the net periodic benefit cost in their income statement and requires that the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost be presented in the same income statement line items as other employee compensation costs from services rendered during the period. Of the components of net periodic benefit cost
 only the service cost component will be eligible for asset capitalization. The other components of the net periodic benefit cost must be presented separately from the line items that include the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income on the income statement. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2019 and will be applied on a retrospective basis. Adoption of the new standard will solely impact classification within our Consolidated Statements of Income
 with no change to net income or basic and diluted earnings per share. We expect the following annual income statement reclassifications upon our adoption of ASU No. 2017-07 on December 1
 2018
 the beginning of our fiscal year 2019: (i) an increase (decrease) in cost of goods sold by 
 for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; (ii) an increase (decrease) in selling
 general and administrative expense by 
 for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively; (iii) an increase (decrease) in operating income by 
 
 for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively; and (iv) an increase (decrease) in income included in the income statement caption Other income (expense), net by 
 
 for the years ended November 30
 2018
 2017 and 2016
In August 2017
This guidance eliminates the requirement to separately measure and report hedge ineffectiveness and generally requires
 for qualifying hedges
 the entire change in the fair value of a hedging instrument to be presented in the same income statement line as the hedged item. The guidance also modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness
 eases documentation and assessment requirements and modifies certain disclosure requirements. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2020. Early adoption is permitted in any interim period or fiscal year before the effective date for all entities. We expect to adopt this guidance effective December 1
In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16
. The ASU eliminates the deferral of the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers other than inventory. As a result
 the tax expense from the intercompany sale of assets
 other than inventory
 and associated changes to deferred taxes will be recognized when the sale occurs even though the pre-tax effects of the transaction have not been recognized. This new standard will be effective beginning in fiscal year 2019 and is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of December 1
 2018
In January 2017
This guidance changes the definition of a business to assist entities in evaluating when a set of transferred assets and activities constitutes a business. The guidance requires an entity to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets; if so
The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
In August 2018
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) adopted the final rule under SEC Release No. 33-10532&#160;
 to eliminate or modify certain disclosure rules that are redundant
 outdated
 or duplicative of U.S. GAAP or other regulatory requirements. Among other changes
 the amendments eliminated the annual requirement to disclose the high and low trading prices of our common stock. In addition
 the amendments provide that disclosure requirements related to the analysis of shareholders' equity are expanded for interim financial statements. An analysis of the changes in each caption of shareholders' equity presented in the balance sheet must be provided in a note or separate statement
 as well as the amount of dividends per share for each class of shares. This rule was effective on November 5
 2018; and the expanded interim disclosure requirements for changes in shareholders' equity will be effective for us for our quarterly reporting in the year ending November 30
In January 2017
This guidance eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill of a reporting unit to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 a company will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2021. Early adoption is permitted for all entities for annual and interim goodwill impairment testing dates after January 1
 2017. While we are still evaluating the timing of adoption
In February 2016
(ASC 840) for both lessees and lessors. Our leases principally relate to: (i) certain real estate
 including that related to a number of administrative
 distribution and manufacturing locations
 and
 beginning in May 2018
 to our new headquarters building; (ii) certain machinery and equipment
 including a corporate airplane and automobiles; and (iii) certain software. The new guidance in ASU No. 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The lease liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments and the right-of-use asset will be based on the lease liability
 subject to adjustment such as for initial direct costs. For income statement purposes
 the new standard retains a dual model similar to ASC 840
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. For lessees
 operating leases will result in straight-line expense (similar to current accounting by lessees for operating leases under ASC 840) while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern (similar to current accounting by lessees for capital leases under ASC 840). In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#160;
 which provides an additional transition method that allows entities to initially apply the new standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption without restating prior periods. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2020. We intend to adopt the requirements of the new standard via a cumulative-effect adjustment without restating prior periods. Based on our assessment to date
 we expect that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will not have a material effect on our results of operations but will result in an increase in lease-related assets and liabilities recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are unable to quantify the amount of that increase at this time.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







On August 17
 2017
 we completed the acquisition of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Division (RB Foods) from Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. The purchase price was approximately 
. In December 2017
 we paid 

 which are a natural strategic fit with our robust global branded flavor portfolio. We believe that these additions move us to a leading position in the attractive U.S. Condiments category and provide significant international growth opportunities for our consumer and flavor solutions segments. At the time of the acquisition
. The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and
 accordingly
The purchase price of RB Foods was allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. We estimated the fair values based on independent valuations
 discounted cash flow analyses
 quoted market prices
During 2018
 we completed the final valuation of the RB Foods acquisition which resulted in the following fair value allocations
 net of cash acquired
Property
2
2
4
209.9
 decreased definite-lived intangible assets by 
 decreased deferred taxes by 
 increased other assets and liabilities
 net
$2
. We valued brand names and trademarks using the relief from royalty method
 an income approach. For customer relationships
 we used the distributor method
 a variation of the excess earnings method that uses distributor-based inputs for margins and contributory asset charges. Some of the more significant assumptions inherent in developing the valuations included the estimated annual net cash flows for each indefinite-lived or definite-lived intangible asset (including net sales
 cost of products sold
 selling and marketing costs
 and working capital/contributory asset charges)
 the royalty rates
 the discount rates that appropriately reflect the risks inherent in each future cash flow stream
 the assessment of each asset&#8217;s life cycle
 and competitive trends
 as well as other factors. We determined the assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data
 supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions
 estimated product category growth rates
 management plans
We valued finished goods and work-in-process inventory using a net realizable value approach
The fair value of property
 plant and equipment was determined using a combination of the income approach
 the market approach and the cost approach
 which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the asset as new
 less depreciation attributable to physical
 functional
We used carrying values to value trade receivables and payables
 as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities
As a result of the acquisition
$2
 of goodwill. That goodwill
 which is not deductible for tax purposes
 primarily represents the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
 such as the value of leveraging our brand building expertise
 our insights in demand from consumer and flavor solutions customers for value-added flavor solutions
 and our supply chain capabilities
 as well as expected synergies from the combined operations and assembled workforce. 
 represented transaction expenses and integration expenses
 that is included in cost of goods sold for 2017; outside advisory
 service and consulting costs; employee-related costs; and other costs related to the acquisition
 for 2017. The impact of RB Foods on our 2017 consolidated income before taxes
 including the effect of the transaction and integration expenses previously noted
The following unaudited pro forma information presents consolidated financial information as if RB Foods had been acquired at the beginning of fiscal 2016. Interest expense has been adjusted to reflect the debt issued to finance the acquisition as though that debt had been outstanding at December 1
 2015. The pro forma results reflect amortization expense of approximately&#160;
 relating to definite-lived intangible assets recorded based upon third-party valuations. The pro forma results for 2016 also include transaction and integration costs of 
&#160;of amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories
 associated with the bridge financing commitment
 all assuming that the acquisition had occurred as of December 1
 2015. The pro forma results for 2017 exclude the previously noted items
 as they have been included
 on a pro forma basis
(in millions
Year ended November 30
5
4
These unaudited pro forma consolidated results are not adjusted for changes in the business that will take place subsequent to our acquisition
 including
 but not limited to
 additional transaction and integration costs that have or may be incurred. Accordingly
 the above unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of December 1
 2015
On September 21
 2018
 In conjunction with our purchase of this remaining 10% minority interest
On May 5
 2017
 ownership interest in our joint venture
 Kohinoor Specialty Foods India Private Limited (Kohinoor) in India for a cash payment of 
 was paid in 2017 and the balance was paid in 2018. In September 2011
 when we originally entered this joint venture
 minority interest in 2017
 payments are reflected in the financing activities section of our consolidated cash flow statement for 2018 and 2017
On December 15
 2016
 we purchased 100% of the shares of Enrico Giotti SpA (Giotti)
 a leading European flavor manufacturer located in Italy
). The acquisition was funded with cash and short-term borrowings. Giotti is well known in the industry for its innovative beverage
 sweet
 savory and dairy flavor applications. At the time of the acquisition
. Our acquisition of Giotti in fiscal 2017 expands the breadth of value-added products for McCormick's flavor solutions segment
On April 19
 2016
 we completed the purchase of 100% of the shares of Botanical Food Company
 Pty Ltd
 owner of the Gourmet Garden brand of packaged herbs (Gourmet Garden)
 a privately held company based in Australia. Gourmet Garden is a global market leader in chilled convenient packaged herbs. Gourmet Garden's products complement our existing branded herb portfolio with the addition of chilled convenient herbs located in the perimeter of the grocery store. We plan to drive sales of the Gourmet Garden brand by expanding global distribution and building awareness with increased brand investment. At the time of acquisition
 annual sales of Gourmet Garden were approximately 
 and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. Gourmet Garden has been included in our consumer segment since its acquisition. While this business has a flavor solutions component
 the flavor solutions component was not material to its overall business in 2016. Beginning in 2017
In 2017
 to our sales for the year and first four months of fiscal 2017
 respectively. Due to financing
 acquisition and integration costs
 the aggregate incremental operating income contributed by Giotti and Gourmet Garden was not significant to our overall results for 2017. Pro forma financial information for our other acquisitions has not been presented because the financial impact is not material.







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







In our consolidated income statement
 we include a separate line item captioned &#8220;special charges&#8221; in arriving at our consolidated operating income. Special charges consist of expenses
 including related impairment charges
 associated with certain actions undertaken to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
 and improve our competitiveness and are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/structural impact to require advance approval by our Management Committee
 comprised of our senior management
 including our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer. Upon presentation of any such proposed action (generally including details with respect to estimated costs
 which typically consist principally of employee severance and related benefits
 together with ancillary costs associated with the action that may include a non-cash component
 such as an asset impairment
 or a component which relates to inventory adjustments that are included in cost of goods sold; impacted employees or operations; expected timing; and expected savings) to the Management Committee and the Committee&#8217;s advance approval
 expenses associated with the approved action are classified as special charges upon recognition and monitored on an on-going basis through completion. Certain ancillary expenses related to these actions approved by our Management Committee do not qualify for accrual upon approval but are included as special charges as incurred during the course of the actions. In 2018
 we also included in special charges
 as approved by our Management Committee
 expense associated with a one-time payment
 made to eligible U.S. hourly employees
 to distribute a portion of the non-recurring net income tax benefit recognized in connection with the enactment of the U.S. Tax Act and as more fully described in note 12.
We continue to evaluate changes to our organization structure to reduce fixed costs
 simplify or improve processes
During 2018
 of special charges
 related to our global enablement initiative
 as more fully described below; (ii) a one-time payment
 in special charges recognized in 2018 related to our GE initiative
 related to third party expenses
 represented a non-cash asset impairment charge
 related to employee severance benefits. That non-cash asset impairment charge was related to the write-off of certain software assets that are incompatible with our future move
 approved in 2018
 in special charges recorded during 2018
 represented a non-cash asset impairment
During 2017
 of special charges
 related to third party expenses incurred associated with our evaluation of changes relating to our global enablement initiative
 for severance and other exit costs associated with our Europe
 Middle East
During 2017
 our Management Committee approved a multi-year initiative during which we expect to execute significant changes to our global processes
 capabilities and operating model to provide a scalable platform for future growth. We expect this initiative to enable us to accelerate our ability to work globally and cross-functionally by aligning and simplifying processes throughout McCormick
 in part building upon our current shared services foundation and expanding the end-to-end processes presently under that foundation. We expect this initiative
 which we refer to as Global Enablement (GE)
 to enable this scalable platform for future growth while reducing costs
 enabling faster decision making
While we are continuing to fully develop the details of our GE operating model
 we expect the cost of the GE initiative&#8212;to be recognized as &#8220;Special charges&#8221; in our consolidated income statement over its multi-year course&#8212;to range from approximately 
 we estimate that approximately half will be attributable to each employee severance and related benefit payments and cash payments associated with related costs of GE implementation and transition
 of special charges associated with our GE initiative during 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The GE initiative is expected to generate annual savings
 ranging from approximately 
During 2016
 of special charges
 related to additional organization and streamlining actions associated with our EMEA region
 associated with the exit from our consolidated  joint venture in South Africa
 for employee severance actions and other exit costs related to the discontinuance of non-profitable product lines of our Kohinoor business in India
 leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand
 for employee severance actions and related costs associated with our North American effectiveness initiative
 which began in 2015. The remainder principally related to other streamlining actions in 2016
 as approved by our Management Committee
 in our operations in North America
In 2016
 we exited our consolidated joint venture in South Africa and recognized special charges of 
 of goodwill upon the receipt of regulatory approval to terminate the joint venture in the fourth quarter of 2016. As part of the negotiated agreement related to the exit
In 2016
 our Management Committee approved a plan
 to construct a new manufacturing facility in Thailand to replace two leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand for our Asia/Pacific region. In 2018
 we opened the new manufacturing facility in Thailand
As of November 30
 2018
 reserves associated with special charges are included in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







4
4
2
2
7
7
7
7
627.7
 
 
November 30
 2018
3
1
1
1
3
1
3
1
$1
 of goodwill to the consumer and flavor solutions segment
 respectively.  Our valuation of the acquired net assets of Giotti in 2017 resulted in the allocation of 














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







November 30
 2018
 
 
 interest in McCormick de Mexico
 of income from unconsolidated operations in 2018
As of November 30
 2018
 undistributed earnings of investments in unconsolidated affiliates for which we have not provided deferred income tax liabilities would not be material.




































The entire disclosure for the information summarizing investments in and advances to majority-owned subsidiaries
 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







Our outstanding debt
 including capital leases
Other
Unamortized discounts
 premiums
4
4
4
4
The term loans are prepayable in whole or in part. Also
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2015
 during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2017
Maturities of long-term debt
 including capital leases
 during the fiscal years subsequent to November&#160;30
1
2
In connection with our acquisition of RB Foods
-year senior unsecured term loans
$1
 of the initial principal amount
-year loans are each prepayable in whole or in part. In 2018 and 2017
 we repaid 
 respectively
 of the three-year loan. In 2018
 of the five-year loan
. In 2017
 we repaid 
-year loan
 revolving credit facility and the Term Loan restrict subsidiary indebtedness and require us to maintain certain minimum and maximum financial ratios for interest expense coverage and our leverage ratio. The applicable leverage ratio is reduced annually. As of November 30
 2018
 our capacity under the revolving credit facility is not affected by these covenants. We do not expect that these covenants would limit our access to our revolving credit facility for the foreseeable future; however
In August 2017
 due August 15
 2022
 due August 15
 2024
 due August 15
 due August 15
 2047 with stated fixed interest rates of 
 
 
$2
. The net proceeds from this issuance were used to partially fund our acquisition of RB Foods.  In addition
 we used a portion of these proceeds to repay our 
 notes that matured on December 15
 for the year ended November 30
 2017 represents the financing fees related to a bridge loan commitment
 obtained in connection with our acquisition of RB Foods
 revolving credit facility
 which will expire in August 2022. The current pricing for the credit facility
 on a fully drawn basis
. This credit facility supports our commercial paper program and
 was used to support issued commercial paper
 of capacity at November 30
 2018. In addition
 we have several uncommitted lines totaling 
November 30
. These lines by their nature can be withdrawn based on the lenders&#8217; discretion. Committed credit facilities require a fee
 for 2018 and 2017
In 2018
 we consolidated our Corporate staff and certain non-manufacturing U.S. employees into our new headquarters building in Hunt Valley
&#160;monthly lease payment is subject to adjustment after an initial 60-month period and thereafter on an annual basis as specified in the lease agreement. Upon commencement of fit-out in the second quarter of 2018
 we obtained access to the building
 which resulted in the lease commencement date for accounting purposes. We have recognized this lease as a capital lease
 included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 included in long-term debt as of November 30
 2018. During 2018
 we recognized amortization expense of 
November 30
 2018
November 30
 2018
November 30
 2018




































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







We use derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk
 including foreign currency and interest rate exposures
 which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes
 nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. We are not a party to master netting arrangements
We are potentially exposed to foreign currency fluctuations affecting net investments
 transactions and earnings denominated in foreign currencies. We selectively hedge the potential effect of these foreign currency fluctuations by entering into foreign currency exchange contracts with highly-rated financial institutions. At November 30
 2018
 at November 30
Contracts which are designated as hedges of anticipated purchases denominated in a foreign currency (generally purchases of raw materials in U.S. dollars by operating units outside the U.S.) are considered cash flow hedges. The gains and losses on these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in cost of goods sold
 at which time the net amount deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income is also recognized in cost of goods sold. Gains and losses from contracts that are designated as hedges of assets
 liabilities or firm commitments are recognized through income
 at November 30
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. During fiscal years 2018
 2017 and 2016
 loss
 loss
 respectively
 on the change in fair value of these contracts
 gain
 gain
 respectively
 on the change in the currency component of the underlying loans. All of the losses and the gains for both fiscal years were recognized in our consolidated income statement as other income
At November 30
 2018
 days that are used to hedge short-term cash flow funding. At November 30
 2018
We finance a portion of our operations with both fixed and variable rate debt instruments
 primarily commercial paper
. These swaps
 which expire in November 2025
The following tables disclose the derivative instruments on our balance sheet
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2018
Other income
Other income
4
4
4
4
Because of their short-term nature
 the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
At November 30
 2018
$3
 determined using Level 1 and Level 2 valuation techniques
 respectively. At November 30
 2017
$3
$1
 determined using Level 1 and Level 2 valuation techniques
Investments in affiliates are not readily marketable
November 30
 2018
We are potentially exposed to concentrations of credit risk with trade accounts receivable and financial instruments. The customers of our consumer segment are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers. In addition
 competition has increased with the growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers
 dollar stores
 warehouse clubs
 discount chains and e-commerce. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. We generally have a large and diverse customer base which limits our concentration of credit risk. At November 30
 2018
 we did not have amounts due from any single customer that exceed 



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018






Fair Value Measurement and Measurement Inputs
 Recurring and Nonrecurring [Text Block]
Fair value can be measured using valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 &#160;&#160;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
At November 30
 2018 and 2017
 we had no financial assets or liabilities that were subject to a level 3 fair value measurement.



































The entire disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities
 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]





The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
&#160;of other comprehensive income
 primarily associated with pension and other postretirement plans
 from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings effective December 1
Net
Net
 after tax







The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

Retirement Benefits
 Description [Abstract]





We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S. We contribute to defined contribution plans in locations outside the U.S.
During fiscal years 2018 and 2017
On December 1
 2017
 our Management Committee approved the freezing of benefits under our pension plans in Canada. The effective date of this freeze is November 30
 2019. Although those plans will be frozen
 employees who are participants in the plans will retain benefits accumulated up to the date of the freeze
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
On December 1
 2016
 our Management Committee approved the freezing of benefits under the McCormick U.K. Pension and Life Assurance Scheme (the U.K. plan). The effective date of this freeze was December 31
 2016. Although the U.K. plan has been frozen
 employees who are participants in that plan retained benefits accumulated up to the date of the freeze
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
On January 3
 2017
 our Management Committee approved the freezing of benefits under the McCormick Pension Plan
 the defined benefit pension plan available to U.S. employees hired on or prior to December 31
 2011. The effective date of this freeze was November 30
 2018. Employees who are participants in that plan retained benefits accumulated up to the date of the freeze
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
On January 3
 2017
 the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved the freezing of benefits under the McCormick Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the &#8220;SERP&#8221;). The effective date of this freeze was January 31
 2017. Executives who are participants in the SERP as of the date of the freeze
 including certain named executive officers
 retained benefits accumulated up to that date
 based on credited service and eligible earnings
As a result of these changes
 we remeasured pension assets and benefit obligations as of the dates of the approvals indicated above and (i) in fiscal year 2018
; and (ii) in fiscal year 2017
 we reduced the U.S. and U.K. plan benefit obligations by 
 respectively. These remeasurements resulted in non-cash
 for fiscal years 2018 and 2017
 respectively. These net actuarial gains consist principally of curtailment gains of 
 which are included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss) on the line entitled Unrealized components of pension plans. Deferred taxes associated with these actuarial gains
 together with other unrealized components of pension plans recognized during 2018 and 2017
November 30
Annually
 we undertake a process
 with the assistance of our external investment consultants
A rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&#8217; funded status as of November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:
 respectively
 related to the SERP. Those amounts also represent the accumulated benefit obligation related to the SERP. The assets related to this plan
November 30
 2018
 respectively
As part of our acquisition of RB Foods in August 2017
 we assumed a defined benefit pension plan that covers eligible union employees of the Reckitt Benckiser food business (the RB Foods Union Pension Plan). The related plan assets and benefit obligation of the RB Foods Union Pension Plan are included in the U.S. in the preceding table. As noted in the preceding table
 at the acquisition date
 the funded status of that plan was 
. At the date of acquisition
 based upon a preliminary valuation
. During 2018
 we finalized the purchase accounting valuation for this plan which improved the funded status of this plan by 
 at the date of acquisition. Plan assets consist of a mix of equities
 fixed income funds and real estate funds. During 2018 and 2017
 we made contributions of 
 respectively
November 30
 2018
November 30
 2018
The investment objectives of the defined benefit pension plans are to provide assets to meet the current and future obligations of the plans at a reasonable cost to us. The goal is to optimize the long-term return across the portfolio of investments at a moderate level of risk. Higher-returning assets include mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of equity securities
 utilizing both active and passive investment styles. These more volatile assets are balanced with less volatile assets
 primarily mutual
 co-mingled and other funds comprised of fixed income securities. Professional investment firms are engaged to provide advice on the selection and monitoring of investment funds
The allocations of U.S. pension plan assets as of November 30
 by asset category
The allocations of the international pension plans&#8217; assets as of November 30
 by asset category
The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
This category comprises limited partnerships funds investing in senior loans
For the plans&#8217; hedge funds
 private equity funds and private debt funds
 we engage an independent advisor to compare the funds&#8217; returns to other funds with similar strategies. Each fund is required to have an annual audit by an independent accountant
November 30
 2018
 respectively. Dividends paid on these shares were 
For the U.S. defined contribution retirement plan
 of the participant&#8217;s salary
 of the participant&#8217;s salary. In addition
 we make contributions of 
 
 
At the participant&#8217;s election
 shares of McCormick stock
 with a fair value of 
November 30
 2018
 years of service. The subsidy provided under these plans is based primarily on age at date of retirement. These benefits are not pre-funded but paid as incurred. Employees hired after December&#160;31
During 2017
On August 23
 2017
 our Management Committee approved changes to our postretirement medical benefits plan for eligible U.S. employees and retirees (employees hired after December 31
 2008 are not eligible for the subsidy).&#160;These changes included consolidating benefits providers and simplifying and reducing our subsidy for postretirement medical benefits. The effective date of the change in our subsidy was January 1
On August 23
 2017
 our Management Committee approved the elimination of life insurance benefits under our other postretirement benefit plan to eligible U.S. active employees (that life insurance benefit was available to U.S. employees hired on or prior to December 31
 2008). The effective date of this plan amendment was January 1
 2018
 unless an employee committed to their retirement date by December 31
 2017 and retired on or before December 31
As a result of these changes
 we remeasured the other postretirement benefit obligation as of August 23
 2017
.&#160;These remeasurements resulted in an aggregate non-cash
 pre-tax net prior service cost credit of 
 which is included in our Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for 2017
 as a component of Other comprehensive income (loss) on the line entitled Unrealized components of pension and other postretirement plans. Deferred taxes associated with these aggregate prior service cost credits
 together with other unrealized components of pension plans recognized during 2017
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follow:
For 2018
 the assumed annual rate of increase in the cost of covered health care benefits is 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







 types of stock-based compensation awards: restricted stock units (RSUs)
 stock options and company stock awarded as part of our long-term performance plan (LTPP). Total stock-based compensation expense for 
 
 
November 30
. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to our LTPP is variable in nature and is dependent on the company's execution against established performance metrics under performance cycles related to this plan.  As of November 30
 2018
 shares remaining available for future issuance under our RSUs
For all awards
RSUs are valued at the market price of the underlying stock
 discounted by foregone dividends
-year term or
 if earlier
-year period or
 if earlier
-year period. Upon exercise of the option
 shares are issued from our authorized and unissued shares.
 
 
Under our stock option plans
November 30
 2018
. At November 30
 2018
 the differences between options outstanding and options expected to vest and their related weighted-average exercise prices
November 30
 2018
 
 
November 30
 2018







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







In December 2017
 President Trump signed into law Pub.L. 115-97
 &#8220;An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018&#8221; (this legislation is referred to herein as the &#8220;U.S. Tax Act&#8221;). The U.S. Tax Act provides for significant changes in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. Certain provisions of the U.S. Tax Act were effective during our fiscal year ended November 30
 2018 with all provisions of the U.S. Tax Act effective as of the beginning of our fiscal year ending November 30
 2019. The U.S. Tax Act contains provisions with separate effective dates but is generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31
Beginning on January 1
 2018
&#160;and is reflected as a reduction in our income tax expense in our results for the year ended November 30
 2018. The U.S. Tax Act imposes a one-time transition tax on post-1986 earnings of non-U.S. affiliates that have not been repatriated for purposes of U.S. federal income tax
. In addition to this transition tax
 we have incurred additional foreign withholding taxes
 net of a U.S. foreign tax credit
&#160;associated with previously unremitted prior year earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were no longer considered indefinitely reinvested at January 1
 2018
 and were subsequently distributed during fiscal 2018
&#160;reduction in our fiscal 2018 income taxes as a consequence of the transition tax
 both of which we have recognized as a component of our income tax expense for the year ended November 30
. The cash tax effects of the transition tax
 of foreign tax credits carried forward from the prior year as well as other items
State income taxes
Other
1
1
(1
November 30
 2018
. Of these carryforwards
 expire in 2019
 from 2020 through 2021
At November 30
 2018
 net increase in the valuation allowance from November 30
 2017 to November 30
Historically
 we have not provided deferred income taxes on the cumulative undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries. During fiscal 2018
 of income tax expense in fiscal 2018. Our intent is to continue to reinvest the remaining undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries indefinitely. While federal income tax expense has been recognized as a result of the U.S. Tax Act
 we have not provided any additional deferred taxes with respect to items such as foreign withholding taxes
As of November 30
 2018
 if recognized 
 in 2018
 2017 and 2016
November 30
 2018
 we had accrued 
 respectively
Tax settlements or statute of limitation expirations could result in a change to our uncertain tax positions.  We believe that the reasonably possible total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30
 2018 that could decrease in the next 12 months as a result of various statute expirations
We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The open years subject to tax audits vary depending on the tax jurisdictions. In the U.S federal jurisdiction
 we are no longer subject to income tax audits by taxing authorities for years before 2015. In other major jurisdictions
We are under normal recurring tax audits in the U.S. and in several jurisdictions outside the U.S. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our reserves for uncertain tax positions are adequate to cover existing risks and exposures.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Capital Stock
 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance


Nov. 30
 2018







 of the vote entitled to be cast by the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 automatically
 on a share-for-share basis
Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting will vote as a separate class on all matters on which they are entitled to vote. Holders of Common Stock Non-Voting are entitled to vote on reverse mergers and statutory share exchanges where our capital stock is converted into other securities or property
 dissolution of the company and the sale of substantially all of our assets
During 2017
 shares of our common stock non-voting in connection with our acquisition of RB Foods (see note 2)
 shares from the exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The net proceeds from this issuance
 after the underwriting discount and related expenses
 was 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







During the normal course of our business
November 30
 2018
 no material reserves were recorded. The determination of probability and the estimation of the actual amount of any such loss are inherently unpredictable
 and it is therefore possible that the eventual outcome of such claims and litigation could exceed the estimated reserves
 if any. However
 we believe that the likelihood that any such excess might have a material adverse effect on our financial statements is remote.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

Segment Reporting Information
 Profit (Loss) [Abstract]





We operate in two business segments: consumer and flavor solutions. The consumer and flavor solutions segments manufacture
 market and distribute spices
 seasoning mixes
 condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail channels
 including grocery
 mass merchandise
 warehouse clubs
 discount and drug stores
 and e-commerce under the &#8220;McCormick&#8221; brand and a variety of brands around the world
 including &#8220;French's
&#8221; &#8220;Frank's RedHot
&#8221; &#8220;Lawry&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Zatarain&#8217;s
&#8221; &#8220;Simply Asia
&#8221; &#8220;Thai Kitchen
&#8221; &#8220;Ducros
&#8221; &#8220;Vahin&#233;
&#8221; &#8220;Schwartz
&#8221; &#8220;Club House
&#8221; &#8220;Kamis
&#8221; &#8220;Kohinoor
In each of our segments
 we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor
Historically we have measured segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges as this activity is managed separately from the business segments. Beginning in 2017
 we also exclude transaction and integration expenses related to our acquisition of RB Foods from our measure of segment performance as these expenses are similarly managed separately from the business segments. These transaction and integration expenses excluded from our segment performance measure include the amortization of the acquisition-date fair value adjustment of inventories that is included in cost of goods sold
 costs directly associated with that acquisition and costs associated with integrating the RB Foods business. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies
 manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting
We have a large number of customers for our products. Sales to one of our consumer segment customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for approximately 
. Sales to one of our flavor solutions segment customers
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
Accounting policies for measuring segment operating income and assets are consistent with those described in note 1. Because of integrated manufacturing for certain products within the segments
 products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Inter-segment sales are not material. Corporate assets include cash
 deferred taxes
3
2
5
5
10
10
2
1
4
4
10
10
2
1
4
4
4
4
A reconciliation of operating income excluding special charges
 and for 2018 and 2017
 transaction and integration expenses
 to operating income for 2018
3
1
1
5
6
1
8
2
1
4
6
1
8
2
4
1
2
Long-lived assets include property
 plant and equipment
 goodwill and intangible assets
 net of accumulated depreciation and amortization.







The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







Supplemental income statement
Property
(1
(1
056.8
 in 2018
 in 2017
 and 




































The entire disclosures of supplemental information
 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet
 income statement
 and/or cash flow statement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 of non-recurring income tax benefit
 for basic and diluted earnings per share
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 for basic and diluted earnings per share
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 of non-recurring income tax benefit
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 of non-recurring income tax expense
 of special charges
 of special charges
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 reflected in other debt costs. For the third quarter of 2017
 for basic and diluted earnings per share
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 reflected in gross profit
See notes 2 and 3 for details with respect to the transaction and integration expenses and actions undertaken in connection with these special charges
Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore
 the sum of the quarters may not be equal to the full year earnings per share.



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]





McCORMICK&#160;&amp; COMPANY
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
Year ended November&#160;30
 2016:













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







The financial statements include the accounts of our majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
 over which we exercise significant influence
 but not control
 are accounted for by the equity method. Accordingly
 our share of net income or loss of unconsolidated affiliates is included in net income.




For majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries and affiliates
 if located outside of the U.S.
 with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 asset and liability accounts are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date and the resultant translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
that is
Our unconsolidated affiliates located outside the U.S. generally use their local currencies as their functional currencies. The asset and liability accounts of those unconsolidated affiliates are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date
 with the resultant translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of those affiliates. Income and expense items of those affiliates are translated at average monthly rates of exchange. We record our ownership share of the net assets and accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated balance sheet on the lines entitled &#8220;Investments and other assets&#8221; and &#8220;Accumulated other comprehensive loss
&#8221; respectively. We record our ownership share of the net income of our unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated income statement on the line entitled &#8220;Income from unconsolidated operations.&#8221;














Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using standard or average costs which approximate the first-in
 first-out costing method.



Property
 Plant And Equipment
Property
Property
 years for machinery
We capitalize costs of software developed or obtained for internal use. Capitalized software development costs include only (1)&#160;direct costs paid to others for materials and services to develop or buy the software
 years
 but not exceeding the expected life of the product. We capitalized 
 of software development costs during 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




Determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived purchased intangible asset is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows
 risk-adjusted discount rates
 assumed royalty rates
Our reporting units used to assess potential goodwill impairment are the same as our business segments. We calculate fair value of a reporting unit by using a discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 including intangible assets and goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the calculated fair value
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of brand names and trademarks. We calculate fair value by using a relief-from-royalty method or discounted cash flow model and then compare that to the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. If the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist
 the loss would be calculated based on the excess of the asset&#8217;s carrying value over its estimated fair value.




 upon either shipment or delivery
 and when the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We reduce revenue for estimated product returns
Trade allowances
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances and rebates
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
 are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Revenue is recorded net of trade allowances.




Shipping and handling costs on our products sold to customers are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Shipping and handling expense was 
 
 
 respectively.




Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement. Research and development expense was 
 
 
 respectively.




Total brand marketing support costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expense in the income statement
 were 
 
 
 respectively. Brand marketing support costs include advertising
 promotions and customer trade funds used for cooperative advertising. Promotion costs include public relations
 shopper marketing
 social marketing activities
 general consumer promotion activities and depreciation on assets used in these promotional activities. Advertising costs include the development
 production and communication of advertisements through television
 digital
 print and radio. Development and production costs are expensed in the period in which the advertisement is first run. All other costs of advertisement are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was 
 
 
 respectively.



Pension and Other Postretirement Plans
 Policy
We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the U.S. and certain foreign locations. In addition
 we sponsor defined contribution plans in the U.S.&#160;We contribute to defined contribution plans in locations outside the U.S.
We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans as an asset or a liability in the balance sheet
 with changes in the funded status recorded through other comprehensive income in the year in which those changes occur.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity
 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018






Schedule of Business Acquisitions
 by Acquisition
During 2018
 we completed the final valuation of the RB Foods acquisition which resulted in the following fair value allocations
 net of cash acquired
Property
2
2
4
209.9



Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
(in millions
Year ended November 30
5
4
969.3
































































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018








 respectively. Included in special charges for 2016 is a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 
















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







4
4
2
2
7
7
7
7
627.7




3
1
1
1
3
1
3
1
$1
 of goodwill to the consumer and flavor solutions segment
 respectively.  Our valuation of the acquired net assets of Giotti in 2017 resulted in the allocation of 

































































Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018






















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







Our outstanding debt
 including capital leases
Other
Unamortized discounts
 premiums
4
4
4
4
The term loans are prepayable in whole or in part. Also
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2011
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2013
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2015
 during this period (our effective rate as of November&#160;30
Interest rate swaps
 settled upon the issuance of these notes in 2017
 effectively set the interest rate on the 




Maturities of long-term debt
 including capital leases
 during the fiscal years subsequent to November&#160;30
1
2
168.6









































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







The following tables disclose the derivative instruments on our balance sheet
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
 2017:




The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
November 30
 2018
Other income
Other income
 net




4
4
4
4
858.5



































Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.




























Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
value&#160;hierarchy&#160;as&#160;of&#160; November&#160;30
&#160;2017







Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]





The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax where applicable




Net
Net
 after tax










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

Retirement Benefits
 Description [Abstract]














Benefit Obligation
 Fair Value Of Plan Assets And Reconciliation Of Defined Benefit Plans
Rollforwards of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the plans&#8217; funded status at November&#160;30
 the measurement date
A rollforward of the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets and a reconciliation of the pension plans&#8217; funded status as of November&#160;30
 the measurement date
 follows:



Amounts Recorded In Balance Sheet
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans





The allocations of U.S. pension plan assets as of November 30
 by asset category
The allocations of the international pension plans&#8217; assets as of November 30
 by asset category
 were as follows:




The following tables set forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy as described in note 8
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
As of November 30
This category comprises insurance contracts
This category comprises private equity
This category comprises limited partnerships funds investing in senior loans
 mezzanine and distressed debt. The net asset is based on valuation models of the underlying securities as determined by the general partner or general partner's designee. These valuation models include unobservable inputs that cannot be corroborated using verifiable observable market data. These funds typically have redemption periods of approximately 10 years. 





































































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the amounts that are recognized in the balance sheet (or statement of financial position) for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.




























Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans
 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018






















November 30
 2018












Schedule of Share Based Compensation
 Performance Shares
 Activity [Table Text Block]




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

















State income taxes
Other
 net




1
1
(1
050.6








































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Capital Stock
 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance (Tables)


Nov. 30
 2018
















































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018

Segment Reporting Information
 Profit (Loss) [Abstract]





3
2
5
5
10
10
2
1
4
4
10
10
2
1
4
4
4
4
635.9




A reconciliation of operating income excluding special charges
 and for 2018 and 2017
 transaction and integration expenses
 to operating income for 2018
 2017 and 2016 is as follows:




3
1
1
5
6
1
8
2
1
4
6
1
8
2
4
1
2
865.7







Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation of profit (loss) from reportable segments to the consolidated income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) and discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation after income tax if income tax is allocated to the reportable segment.




























Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries in which material long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets are located
 and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.




























Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018






Supplemental Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Cash Flow Information
Supplemental income statement
Property
(1
(1
056.8




































Supplemental income statement
 balance sheet and cash flow information [Table Text Block]









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2018







1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 of non-recurring income tax benefit
 for basic and diluted earnings per share
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 for basic and diluted earnings per share
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 of non-recurring income tax benefit
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 of non-recurring income tax expense
 of special charges
 of special charges
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 reflected in other debt costs. For the third quarter of 2017
 for basic and diluted earnings per share
 of special charges
 of transaction and integration expenses
 reflected in gross profit
See notes 2 and 3 for details with respect to the transaction and integration expenses and actions undertaken in connection with these special charges
Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented. Therefore
 the sum of the quarters may not be equal to the full year earnings per share.



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 30
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016

















































































































































































Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 reclassification from AOCI to retained earnings


























499.2)


345.3)


327.3)


237.1)


490.9)


185.2)


114.3)


043.7)


408.9)


834.1)


411.5)





















037.3


823.9


579.8



Increase (decrease) in selling
 general and administrative expense

















429.5


244.8


175.0




























Increase (decrease) of other income (expense)
 net



































































































Minimum [Member] | Machinery
 Equipment And Computer Software [Member]
































































































































































































































Maximum [Member] | Machinery
 Equipment And Computer Software [Member]











































































































































































































































































































Increase (decrease) in selling
 general and administrative expense



































































































Increase (decrease) in selling
 general and administrative expense



































































































Increase (decrease) in selling
 general and administrative expense

















































Increase (decrease) of other income (expense)
 net






















































































Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017
 Reclassification From AOCI To Retained Earnings




























Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))



























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions
 $ in Millions




























































































































































































527.9








490.1






527.9




490.1








527.9


































































































































































































































































































































209.0






969.3










































320.0














320.0












320.0









































































648.5














648.5












648.5



Business Combination
 Separately Recognized Transactions
 Expenses and Losses Recognized
































Business Combination
 Integration Related Costs



































































































































Earnings or loss of acquiree since acquisition date
 actual

































































Finite-lived intangible assets
 purchase accounting adjustments
































Deferred Tax Assets
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
































Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 tangible assets
































Payments to acquire businesses
 net of cash acquired





















210.0












































Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 purchase accounting adjustments




































































































350
















350















Reckitt Benckiser's Food Division [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]











































































































































































































































































































































































































Payments to acquire businesses
 net of cash acquired







































































































































































































































































Payments to acquire businesses
 net of cash acquired





































































































































































































Payments to acquire businesses
 net of cash acquired





































































Business Acquisition
 Amortization and Depreciation




























Business Combination
 Acquisition Expenses Included in Cost of Good Sold




























Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 tangible assets



















































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
















































































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Costs incurred to effect a business combination which have been expensed during the period. Such costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.






















































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.

























































For transactions that are recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities in the business combination
 such as related to pre-existing relationships with the acquiree
 this element represents the disclosure of the amount of acquisition related costs which have been expensed.

























































The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).






















































































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of increase (decrease) to assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life for purchase accounting adjustments.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 from purchase accounting adjustments.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Nov. 30
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2018


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net [Abstract]
























527.9








490.1




527.9


490.1




527.9



Business Combination
 Separately Recognized Transactions [Abstract]


















































































































Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net [Abstract]




































































Property
 plant and equipment
























648.5












648.5






648.5





430.0












430.0






430.0
























































































































209.9












209.9






209.9



Business Combination
 Separately Recognized Transactions [Abstract]




































































Business Combination
 Separately Recognized Transactions
 Expenses and Losses Recognized






















Business Combination
 Integration Related Costs

















































Business Combination
 Acquisition Expenses Included in Cost of Good Sold




























Business Combination
 Acquisition Expenses Included in Other Debt Cost




























Costs incurred to effect a business combination which have been expensed during the period. Such costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.





















































































Amount of other liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
























































For transactions that are recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities in the business combination
 such as related to pre-existing relationships with the acquiree
 this element represents the disclosure of the amount of acquisition related costs which have been expensed.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 17
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016













209.0




969.3


































Per basic share amount of pro forma income from continuing operations
 after tax
 as if the business combination had been completed at the beginning of a period.




























Per diluted share amount of pro forma income from continuing operations
 after tax
 as if the business combination had been completed at the beginning of a period.



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















































































































































































































































Cost of Goods
 Total [Member]










































































Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































646.9








808.5








646.9


808.5
































































































Special Charges
 Number Of Facilities Subject to Exit



















































































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Amount of cash outflow to a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but not limited to
 reduction of noncontrolling interest ownership. Excludes dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest.

























































Amount of expenses for special or contractual termination benefits provided to current employees involuntarily terminated under a benefit arrangement associated exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to one-time termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016













527.9


490.1














Amortizable intangible assets average remaining life
 in years




























398.9


385.4


608.3























129.0


104.7

























648.5







Amortizable intangible assets average remaining life
 in years




























765.6

































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











Finite-lived intangible assets
 Gross carrying amount








Finite-lived intangible assets
 Accumulated amortization










527.9


490.1





Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 total

174.8


298.6





Total goodwill and intangible assets
 Gross carrying amount

486.1


627.7





Total goodwill and intangible assets
 Accumulated amortization




























527.9


490.1

























646.9


808.5

























320.0









648.5































































398.9


385.4


608.3























765.6



























129.0


104.7
























































































































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016













490.1


















527.9


490.1

























385.4


608.3


















697.5
















398.9


385.4


608.3























104.7




































129.0


104.7


























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











Results of unconsolidated affiliates
 percentage








McCormick de Mexico
 S.A. de C.V. [Member]





















































Royalty Income
 Nonoperating





















Income from Unconsolidated Operations of Equity Method investments
 Percent of Income from Unconsolidated Operations




























Results of unconsolidated affiliates
 percentage



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016




























































































































































































































































The amount of revenue from sale of goods and services reduced by sales returns
 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 17
 2017





























Short-term borrowings
 total





































136.4


769.5














Long-term debt
 excluding current maturities

052.9


443.9





Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.75% Notes Due 2017 [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.90% Notes Due 2021 [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Two Point Seven Zero Notes Due Two Thousand Twenty Two [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.50% Notes Due 2023 [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Three Point One Five Notes Due On Two Thousand Twenty Four [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.25% Notes Due 2025 [Member]





















































Debt Instrument
 effective interest rate








Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Three Point Four Zero Notes Due Two Thousand Twenty Seven [Member]












































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Four Point Two Zero Notes Due Two Thousand Forty Seven [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 7.63%-8.12% Notes Due 2024 [Member]


























Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Notes Issued In July 2011 [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | August 2013 [Member]



































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | Interest Rate Swap [Member] | 5.20% Notes Due 2015 [Member]












































Quarterly installment payments
 percentage







































































Minimum [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 7.63%-8.12% Notes Due 2024 [Member]


























Maximum [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 7.63%-8.12% Notes Due 2024 [Member]



























































Quarterly Installment Payments
 Percentage

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks
 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.

























































Amount of borrowings classified as other
 maturing within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Aug. 17
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016




























136.4


769.5











498.3











479.3











989.6







































































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.75% Notes Due 2017 [Member]











































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.25% Notes Due 2025 [Member]





















Debt Instrument
 effective interest rate











































Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | August 2013 [Member]


































































































Committed credit facilities
 fee

































































Quarterly installment payments
 percentage













































































































Debt instrument
 term



































































































































Debt instrument
 term


























































































































500.0










































Capital Leases
 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class
 Net





















Capital Leases
 Income Statement
 Amortization Expense










Interest Rate Swap [Member] | Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 5.20% Notes Due 2015 [Member]






















































Payments to acquire businesses
 net of cash acquired





210.0













































































































































000.0


















Debt instrument
 term












































































Quarterly Installment Payments
 Percentage




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.













































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.

























































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer).

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
































101.7














168.6






































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016




















































































































































































































































































































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016

















136
400
000


769
500
000











900
000









800
000











700
000


400
000





Fair Value
 Concentration of Risk
 Accounts Receivable




































900
000


900
000
















Derivative
 Notional Amount



600
000





























Derivative
 Notional Amount

000
000

























































































































000
000









Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member] | 3.25% Notes Due 2025 [Member]






















































Derivative
 Notional Amount



000
000


900
000



























Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Realized



900
000)


800
000


500
000)

























Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Realized



700
000


100
000)


100
000



Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]

























172
700
000


615
200
000





Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]

























700
000


243
300
000






































The amount of foreign currency that the entity has contractually agreed
 or for which it has the option
 to buy or sell with respect to the contract being described.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.






















































































This item represents disclosure of all significant concentrations of credit risk or market risk arising from the subject financial instrument (as defined)
 whether from an individual counterparty or groups of counterparties.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of financial instruments used in operating activities
 including trading securities
 risk management instruments
 and other short-term trading instruments.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Maximum amount of time remaining before foreign currency exchange rate derivatives mature or expire
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]











































Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]










Derivative
 Notional Amount










Derivative
 Fixed Interest Rate





















Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]










Derivative
 Notional Amount





















Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]










Derivative Asset
 Notional Amount










Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net





















Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]





















Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net





















Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]










Derivative Asset
 Notional Amount
































Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






























































































Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)















































































































































Fair value as of the balance sheet date of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.




























Fair value as of the balance sheet date of interest rate derivative assets
 net of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized on the balance sheet.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Other income
 net

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Derivative
 Notional Amount








Investment Foreign Currency
 Contract
 Foreign Currency Amount

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Derivative
 Notional Amount

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Realized








Other income
 net

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss)
 Realized








Other income
 net









































The amount of foreign currency that the entity has contractually agreed
 or for which it has the option
 to buy or sell with respect to the contract being described.






















































































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss)
 attributable to parent entity.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]



































Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net










































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017









Long-term investments
 Carrying amount






Long-term investments
 Fair value






Long-term debt
 Carrying amount

136.4


769.5



Long-term debt
 Fair value

039.4


858.5

















Interest Rate Derivatives
 at Fair Value
 Net




















Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net









































Foreign Currency Fair Value Hedge Derivative at Fair Value
 Net






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]




















Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]













Long-term debt
 Carrying amount

172.7


615.2










Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]













Long-term debt
 Carrying amount



243.3





































































































Fair value as of the balance sheet date of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.




























Fair value as of the balance sheet date of interest rate derivative assets
 net of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized on the balance sheet.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fair Value Measurements (Details) - Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] - USD ($)
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






























































Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






























































Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]































































































Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































Fair value portion of asset contracts related to the exchange of different currencies
 including
 but not limited to
 foreign currency options
 forward contracts
 and swaps.




























Fair value portion of liability contracts related to the exchange of different currencies
 including
 but not limited to
 foreign currency options
 forward (delivery or nondelivery) contracts
 and swaps entered into.




























Fair value as of the balance sheet date of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.




























Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income-Components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Net of Tax (Details) - USD ($)



Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle
 Effect of Adoption
 Quantification



































Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 before Tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 Tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 Net of Tax








Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 before Tax








Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 before Tax








Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 before Tax








Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss
 Tax








Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net (Gain) Loss
 Net of Tax


























Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges
 Effect Net of Tax


























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 before Tax


























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives
 before Tax












Accumulated change
 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.




























Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Accumulated adjustment
 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.






















































































Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.



















































































































Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for net period benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.




























Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.




























Amount
 after tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
Feb. 28
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017

















Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 before tax














Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax














Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)
 before Tax














Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 before Tax














Expected actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit
 before tax














Expected actuarial losses
 net of prior service credit
 net of tax























































































































Ultimate health care cost trend rate
 year














Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Settlement and Curtailment






































































































































Defined Contribution Plan
 Employers Matching Contribution
 Annual Vesting Percentage














Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost



















































































































































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Settlement and Curtailment






























































































































































































































































Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax






































































































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Settlement and Curtailment








































































































Unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized prior service credit
 net of tax























































































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Settlement and Curtailment









































































































































































































































































Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.

























































Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount of employer security in which defined benefit plan asset is invested. Includes
 but is not limited to
 security issued or managed by related party of employer.




























Amount of asset
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.










































































































































































































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.




























Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.




























Assumed rate
 for next fiscal year
 based on annual change in cost of health care cost benefits used to measure expected cost of benefits covered by defined benefit postretirement plan. Factors include
 but are not limited to
 estimate of health care inflation
 change in health care utilization or delivery pattern
 technological advances
 and change in health status of participant. Excludes factors for change in composition of plan population by age and dependency status.




























Number of shares of employer stock in which defined benefit plan asset is invested. Includes
 but is not limited to
 stock issued or managed by related party of employer.

























































Percentage of actual investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.




























Year ultimate health care cost trend rate is expected to be reached
 in CCYY format.



















































































































Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 classified as current.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Rate of Compensation Increase



































Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Rate of Compensation Increase



































Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Rate of Compensation Increase


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Discount Rate












Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016






























































































































































































































































































































Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.














































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Employee Benefit And Retirement Plans (Benefit Obligation
 Fair Value Of Plan Assets And Reconciliation Of Defined Benefit Plans) (Details) - USD ($)



Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.

























































Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.










































































































































































































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.

























































Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.

























































Amount of defined benefit plan cost (credit)
 classified as other.







































































































































































































































Amount of (increase) decrease to benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for right to receive specified benefits
 purchase of nonparticipating annuity contract and change from remeasurement.




























Amount of payment
 which decreases plan assets of defined benefit plan
 for irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Transaction constituting settlement includes
 but is not limited to
 making lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contract.




























Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Employee Benefit And Retirement Plans (Amounts Recorded In Balance Sheet
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans) (Details) - USD ($)
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017








































































































Defined benefit pension plans
 deferred income taxes.




























Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount of asset
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.

























































Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 classified as current.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target




















Equity securities
 Actual






Equity securities
 Target







































Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.




























Percentage of actual investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016















































Foreign Plan [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]


























Foreign Plan [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Foreign Plan [Member] | Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]





















































Foreign Plan [Member] | International Equity Securities [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Foreign Plan [Member] | U.S./Government/Corporate Bonds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Foreign Plan [Member] | Insurance Contracts [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Fair value
 excluding investments at net asset value








Domestic Plan [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]

















Fair value
 excluding investments at net asset value








Domestic Plan [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]

















Fair value
 excluding investments at net asset value



































Domestic Plan [Member] | Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | U.S. Equity Securities [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]


























Domestic Plan [Member] | U.S. Equity Securities [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | International Equity Securities [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]


























Domestic Plan [Member] | International Equity Securities [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | U.S./Government/Corporate Bonds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]


























Domestic Plan [Member] | U.S./Government/Corporate Bonds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | High Yield Bonds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | International/Government/Corporate Bonds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | Insurance Contracts [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | Real Estate Funds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]


























Domestic Plan [Member] | Real Estate Funds [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]





















































Domestic Plan [Member] | Other Nonrenewable Natural Resources [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 [Member]















































































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Alternative Investments
 Fair Value Of Plan Assets




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Net Asset Value Investments

























































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions






































































Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance | shares






























































































































































































































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Other








Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Other Share Increase (Decrease) in Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]








Outstanding at beginning of year
 Shares








Granted
 Shares








Vested
 Shares








Forfeited
 Shares








Outstanding at end of year
 Shares








Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Granted
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Vested
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Forfeited
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward]








Outstanding at beginning of year
 Shares








Granted
 Shares








Vested
 Shares








Forfeited
 Shares








Outstanding at end of year
 Shares








Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Granted
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Vested
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Forfeited
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)








Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average price (usd per share)












The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











Risk free interest rate
 minimum








Risk free interest rate
 maximum

















Expected volatility rate
 minimum








Expected volatility rate
 maximum














































































The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.




























The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]








Outstanding at Beginning of year
 Shares








Granted
 Shares








Exercised
 Shares








Outstanding at End of year
 Shares








Exercisable at end of year
 Number of Shares








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Roll Forward]








Outstanding at beginning of year
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)








Granted
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)








Exercised
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)








Outstanding at end of year
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)








Exercisable at end of year
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)



































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Options outstanding
 Shares | shares




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)




Options exercisable
 Shares | shares




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)









Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Range of exercise price
 lower limit




Range of exercise price
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 Shares | shares




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)




Options exercisable
 Shares | shares




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)









Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Range of exercise price
 lower limit




Range of exercise price
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 Shares | shares




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)




Options exercisable
 Shares | shares




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)









Share-based Compensation
 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range [Line Items]




Range of exercise price
 lower limit




Range of exercise price
 upper limit




Options outstanding
 Shares | shares




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options outstanding
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)




Options exercisable
 Shares | shares




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average remaining life (yrs)




Options exercisable
 Weighted-average exercise price (usd per share)






















































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015













Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent





















Current
 Federal

































































Deferred Tax Assets
 Capital Loss Carryforwards























































































Deferred
 Federal










Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations
 Adjustment of Deferred Tax (Asset) Liability










Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Repatriation of Foreign Earnings
 Percent










U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Transition Tax










U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Withholding Tax on Repatriation Earnings










U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Changes in Transition Tax










U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Repatriation and Withholding Tax Impact










Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Foreign
 Amount










U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Transition Tax
 remitted over 8 years


































































































































U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Changes in Transition Tax




























U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Repatriation and Withholding Tax Impact




























U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Transition Tax




























U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Transition Tax
 remitted over 8 years




























U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Withholding Tax on Repatriation Earnings













































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.
































































































































































































































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











Current
 Federal








Current
 State








Current
 International








Current Income Taxes
 Total








Deferred
 Federal








Deferred
 State








Deferred
 International








Deferred Income Taxes
 Total



































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016







































































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016











Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent








State income taxes
 net of federal benefits


























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost
 Percent


























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Enacted Tax Rate
 Percent








Other
 net





























































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017









Deferred tax assets
 Employee benefit liabilities






Deferred tax assets
 Other accrued liabilities






Deferred tax assets
 Inventory













Deferred tax assets
 Other






Deferred tax assets
 Valuation allowance






Deferred tax assets
 total






Deferred tax liabilities
 Depreciation






Deferred tax liabilities
 Intangible assets



246.0



Deferred tax liabilities
 Other






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross



304.4



Deferred tax liabilities
 total



050.6)































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)



























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee benefits
 classified as other.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]












































Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Capital Stock
 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance Capital Stock
 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance (Details) - USD ($)




Aug. 11
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
























Stock repurchase program
 authorized amount











































Minimum percentage of votes a holder must control out of the votes entitled to be cast by all holders of shares of Common Stock to trigger the automatic conversion
 on a share-for-share basis
 of all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting into shares of Common Stock
































Stock Repurchase Program
 Remaining Authorized Repurchase Amount

350
000.00









Stock repurchase program
 authorized amount
































Stock Repurchase Program
 Remaining Authorized Repurchase Amount

000.0







































































Minimum percentage of votes a holder must control out of the votes entitled to be cast by all holders of shares of Common Stock to trigger the automatic conversion
 on a share-for-share basis
 of all shares of Common Stock Non-Voting into shares of Common Stock

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Capital Stock
 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance (Reconciliation Of Average Shares Outstanding) (Details) - shares



Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016



































































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Capital Stock
 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance (Schedule Of Antidilutive Securities) (Details) - shares



Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


Flavor Solutions [Member] | PepsiCo
 Inc. [Member]


























Consumer [Member] | Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. [Member]






























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016































499.2


345.3


327.3


237.1


490.9


185.2


114.3


043.7




408.9


834.1


411.5



























































256.4








385.8










256.4


385.8


635.9















































































































































































































































408.9


834.1


411.5



























































015.8








036.7










015.8


036.7


387.8







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































318.0


970.1


753.2
































































































































































































































































































































090.9


864.0


658.3





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































For transactions that are recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities in the business combination
 such as related to pre-existing relationships with the acquiree
 this element represents the disclosure of the amount of acquisition related costs which have been expensed.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 30
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016





























499.2


345.3


327.3


237.1


490.9


185.2


114.3


043.7


408.9


834.1


411.5





386.3








370.3








386.3


370.3


865.7







































































266.9


859.6


565.3





449.7








357.9








449.7


357.9


499.9







































































021.1









060.0








129.1








060.0


129.1









































































120.9


022.9


































Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Supplemental Financial Statement Data (Supplemental Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Cash Flow Information) (Details) - USD ($)



Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016

































































Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]























































081.4)


056.8)





Property
 plant and equipment
 total












































Investments and other assets
 total












































Other accrued liabilities
 total





















































Other long-term liabilities
 total













































































Other Liabilities
 Noncurrent
 Miscellaneous

























































Amount of liabilities incurred to vendors for goods and services received
 and accrued liabilities classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all domestic and foreign income tax obligations due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 whichever is longer. Alternate captions include income taxes payable
 noncurrent.
























































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.

























































Amount before accumulated amortization of capitalized costs for computer software
 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.

























































Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension plan
 classified as noncurrent. Excludes other postretirement benefit plan.

























































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)
(4))























































Amount of investments
 and noncurrent assets classified as other.






















































































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of liability
 classified as noncurrent
 for retirement benefits
 classified as other.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 30
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016




















































Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions





Nov. 30
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
May 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016









































































































































EPS Impact of U.S. Tax Act
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit) - Basic


























EPS Impact of U.S. Tax Act
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit) - Diluted




























499.2


345.3


327.3


237.1


490.9


185.2


114.3


043.7




408.9


834.1


411.5























371.6


010.2


831.7










































































































































Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared


























































































































































































































































Business Combination
 Acquisition Expenses Included in Cost of Good Sold




























Business Combination
 Acquisition Expenses Included in Other Debt Cost






















































































EPS Impact of U.S. Tax Act
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit) - Basic




























EPS Impact of U.S. Tax Act
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit) - Diluted






















































































U.S. Tax Act
 Incomplete Accounting
 Provisional Income Tax Expense (Benefit)




























For transactions that are recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities in the business combination
 such as related to pre-existing relationships with the acquiree
 this element represents the disclosure of the amount of acquisition related costs which have been expensed.














































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2018
Nov. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016


SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]






























































SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]






























































SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]








































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $ZC.$X?(\\#P    !


$%     @ 3J

L!



!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M




NOX
M
<@OI7Y4MR]R2@)@R'[
M;_(J2P/O5F(T=JIL[37875JMJB&*64J5O_3WHK;W6_\FAH%&$V @P$B ^$.
[ONDF[V?:=

M:0KC2XJV/\?F!K=34AA?2=
=@&-_ RIIC!&^DJ:; 


-C3\AZ&!
#080S
A('/+

MN0UVZE+;L_MD=CRBW]M3:_0&[\_WW_/F6-1M\*2T.6C:X^!!*2W-FM@GLYJ3
M^:48!Z4\Z.XQ
\]-?Z[N!UJ=AW^&:/QQ6?T#4$L#!!0    ( $ZC.$XY\H?L
MP 

V$
:_






&\9*&

#A5


T''G_87ZABH<OYAX1



M+%4(;H
4^J 



M??PC8/


MN[)&RPV)'F/'&VG_@]U%*MX.431*2U_[9]W9YVV(_V;S&_!@P*
!99\:R& @
M[X;T4T




R
5E*$\!?7V!O3N5I\X^\_ 7D1PY_ 8;$


]X.7G YG!T^C?FTF(/S?<P_8WG
M!Q7'NI/!

G

7ZS]?7UI_EMU;
M.9QK=^G.S675NN

IS\?M@D8G#D*K?O


^2S/=_-X&L1SC
M]=)$)%ZR\7*


MC23%S.BD


#N6HEDO/;KA20H4I39$*56

MR)%0E=
I)6//#'FL(L6J#;&*%)=&:%+1C Q$H6(40YZJ2*EJ0ZHB@TN09!'D


I





MVU.I'E]59UOYZT?*)

]M_Q'1
I5R1RCA
E7/][IQL7


*&#@7E
MQ^5G-
_4WU/2

M&W








/

EXNGZKE\VW7?ZH]?J[%#T7(Q]O[WZKW:.7GOQ%WCL=ZU


ML*+!ZM2586R*LBMOUTW]L6A.M_=8]K/(7%LW^H_]R6&PA[^YX6G=V?=;$YKU




Z0M7PHT


M]+C*C/:L9;$4%4465^B)(PB B@RLB@AP)E$CF.5*RF!E#QM

M(RL3TA1)R6C70&8BQ20@BZ/4ERH)4XD(Y![/),,=*0
$:6#@3RNM4]1RHF

P)0IR0.8B^YL37DH(T2JRO1.,8JT6Y+Y9Q3-!R96%6
.



M.$LS[=NHA.7)G(RQP6 Q0W)QRWH!(C
GZY7



:$8$(HDH5BS)5'59 Y4E
F97P 5Q[YLSQA4
M#$#%$E2

XH!HU@RBC58KG3&1RJWTE(31^B?-,:
M,XH!HU@RBM$:2E*5-7ZN5&%:@% ^PQA1#!#%$E'\Y9NY'$BB2+U8IRY6PPE


%BK  %F<!C:<_
@Z'32)O//%L\\$,F2
MD%93S:3J[46.9;5(X]DY%M[6@Q)R!I)21'T6R++ ZB;/HC^Z;@*X62#;K

=?%:7?Z9YC39OD?

MP*_._P5P^S]02P
$%     @ 3J


6J4%LT[5'3&C!M8$)\$)39(C$6R0NJ[:*K0DV6#Q(N&IE)*;_G(&K

K2S
(D&90$FEH2WR?GLZYQP? SP%F


ME;VG82K_X''?OS'=#=*@J[)NMF$K5(67K)P2U1[[[8JG!HK1?OG*SCHD7%


MH'T!_:N .UG ^ +F4

&


$)G6V+
Z+


[4]H[&ES(L/D]\[H


EA#!41N;YQBT I#6:MIF
M3M$VC6G:9J12L3&0&+82P-92V$H.V[9K4C:S)
=MNW)JBH0


2W%Y+I.1G
T9SI*9Y'#6SM$696=EH1\


MIPKM8'Y+P&\6T[P((\IWS2E): 236R)RTXV71$R.W368R1(PF45!+PKO![9@


M@93
 J





MD*UDYWU(9O@M@60RQB:-X:[1L0K-
QH=F*0)-92=UX66(L?1@-XNH99 Y&:3


M+*QYY@;'HEYUV;&HQIC7 /


MC6EWA.B\!D[U2K8@[)=2*DZ--55%=*N %I[$&0G7ZRWAM!$X2[SOJ+)$=H8U


O$


M='


MG](U?7









?

T65+AH.
DK[S+P#ZD\4W^PJ=I_\9-




$9VQ%O//B


M
3



M?7
\R:;U

-? 7_K;O88+&9I9(:C)-HB(4ZIP_;TWD?XU/ =PF#6YQ)K.2*^!*-


5_AANH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0M7L==FK0/
MX\U^-\'6 7P\!EP3'G8F@I?R^\*#*+ [%C[SL1GWA[XJ$W972F5J2[(-X%





M_2%CUR T84XC)EUB9@3SZG.(=W$*?V'GJ[3MZL9;B/]=AG]D*P+[%8%=E%@
M^]\25S'OXMDBYXJ


_2N('U#N2-9UIR12KU.U2:MTZK3N





MK79

M/5JTV

S_<;^P94 R I()



1Y0RNH*
M1ZC!#S89$BH?CC=XML.8#88W[?B#V/2-\[]02P
$%     @ 3J
X3FPQ7%JS
M 0  T@

MTR*+L:
M

-_ #_LSM:]-C

 =A8*K_
MPCTO,FL&8L?9=SQ<\6:?XFS*$(RCB/]0O,/HN=C<WV7L'(BFG,.8DRYSY@R&
M['.)=*W$(?T/GJ[#MZL*MQ%^^X_^W6W2K!+A)LE_63Y*K%M9SK)MEBI@IL
M$[?)D=+T.F[R(CHO[$,:[^1O^KCMS]PV0CMR,AYO-LZ_-L8#2DEN<(5:?&S
M(Z'VP?R







MU:IS.6V][T^
N;(%+=R=Z:'#F]I8+3R:MF&NMRJ-**\20Y

M=

2C$]53I
@!24/C (W&[P$H%(I3Q
M8^:D2\H 7)_?V#_$VK&6JW#P:-2SK'R;TR




MWN/93F

$%     @ 3J

  !D
RX5FOU!9CAG#






:/4.L_V&(HJ%TXWOJS


$%     @ 3J

  !D   !X

M'YQOP]--A6F$7_^E

M&=A;'M_D3_@T[5^%;3KMR-EX?-G8_]H8#RAE=X4CU.('6PP)M0_'SWBVTYA-







M971S+W-H965T


M

MD-
M?7

-? /_O3O;8+&9I9(:C)-HB(4ZI_?;XVD?XU/ #PF#




MU-9I$=!T#?.= U$ED%:
;S8'IH4TM
B2[^R*S/9!20-G1WROM7 _3Z#LD-
M
M?7

-?(7PK3L[M-C
4DD-QDMKB(
ZIP_;XVD?XU/ LX3!+\XD




S
MM2+=H7B/WFO!^6W&KI%HBCF-
7P1LYTC&++/*?A:BA/_!\[7X;M5A;L$/_RA

MN$8:3RXVX

\WN'9C6

M2P
$%     @ 3J


GF+OE&SA9(CMM1;FY0@*AXQNZ*OC
(O-+*74T%J)+3%09?1V<SCN0GP,^UAL(LS96<
M$9^\;W

MY\5;[[WDG.]3=@E$4\QQC.&+F


W?./\+4$L#
M!!0    ( $ZC.$Y&



R0T2U]=3S*
MNO'!P?*T$S5\!_^C.UFTV
Q22@VMDZ8E%JJ

Q







$%
M  @ 3J





!
)DL$@BB0 P68F FB !9)
M09$4(


=2#0RB/



FK5+4





YN)_PAFXA;M

MBN


M5.V?K$:%'#H_+BOO




MZ U7/=+0%/@I.9TSCP^ 'QPFL]DC7\E5J5=O?*X+O/

ZQRWQ@Q'0G39@F#Z3@[0VY-:*L&,-55#]*



FV.4XPJ

D




MSL+!O5'/LO1-1F\I*:$2O?*/9GB J9YK2J;B?\ %%
)#)ABC

K%E12]\T9/
M*IB*%F_C+MNX#^/-GD^T=0*?'PFW,8X; P4,_\JO,A3:P9BQ]YW(CSQYLQ

)L9P5!]#L'70ASY?W2^3M^N9KB-




M

M3@[0VY-:*L&

MP.64XQB_.UZZIC7.08IL8 U\!_-C.MKD96EZ@3TNI,]4E#G^#$^GE*']X?




M




M(
-






M@$/O4BB;

M\C
4G$)RG*MD($Z

'U6.DR (!)0N
?Y@?XBU^UK.S,*=%J^\<FV.;SJH&:]<


B



1^1L7?P%02P,$%     @ 3J,X3JE(B4_$ 0  -P0  !D
M  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

4!\=I%MF6

G9-/X
VOB

LQ^\PUY-@-!?_$R[ +=QE

('.!+H0]MZ'3$8^\P=F6)XJ





MLD'(5U4#:.^-LU8=_5KK[D(*FK@5#V(#EKSIA224VV6LB*JDTOCL09B8(@

\Z6L$/T#^[
MLS0K
1FQ6:
M,*<1$RTPX8P@1GVVB#+4_2.'N'T&



MZWKE(CJWQ






K$C%,BHNDJ$B*$&Q7
M(AAFAXML49$M0IM1##
)UQDAXKL/A+0:68?[S3V2H2(80T)4(ADE6(F3Q


H_6\@]02P
$%     @ 3J


M4L_1]Y;B/\
=F(';3(Q&)9AR7Z^Z*2WXPF)2X?1U7OO!K=-\DF9+&!X0+0'1

MS'G&1!M
N*(85\E(DSB'/T3'N'A,9IA[,*3;7@8XP0'E.#@.*_2CSN2L0P
M2YR1$6.$&Z$\$P&2Z2H()0O!N)X)@X@ 725&1%$(=R(8YC^/FJ$B&4(0
M[T0PS&$G0C;_.0?9N@Y77B5N@YLN&^\Z1!XCUR=_X/
$^D)EVP_*NPIMNLWU

M7(.EK+WU!+ P04     !.
MHSA.]/9K




M)[1@CC

M$D.8N[!)&C1) P+[*Y

')8VI2L_XKR

O

2YX;6QU5&V/G 0_BN$'W H[MIFHR:WUS1MTB:;:]K[S.KXD@.Q
M@.OUWQ?0M=;2+PLS/B\S+$,V2?6J6P#W@3O=8Y;8X83(;IL03#]( ?H[9=:
M*L&



V4BPJMA3!



M_%QH5



M!LK#0R8^1H'*QI44O76H)Q6?BA8OXR[;N _CS2&9:.L$/A'X3#C&.&P
%#/_
M*)S(4X
#


MZG


_2N('U 2
M[J[K3DFD7JMIDS;IU&G;9RYQ$E2(



M$CMBH
[I?7H\[4-\#/@I8;2K



E





+_6#G_


@]FWP:H\
*EW
M!$AZ8/T60S0MAVA*

'#%L2$J'GQ]T_X(I![H9


# ^-%]B;OL*K=F2P

M\\;!@BY
(=IA7:(J9P:2CH!%*)SO*
NJ&H0(1V@+(ZCMGH(IZ860;!1
0_(N
M'*Q7MWV%0Q7#3)6N-5QMC4NG9FJG8#HV0;1L1D&SR28JA%8'F(@PDA
I+G:
M*9A62Q]EM&
#J;[$69X2RV8QD

ML&3*LB3*

M&8CACB)H$3%)2S&T4/(
A[FC!*(O02%-@2*FC5 

MA:*J!6PB':A7X8BMN1JR-U?G;


L_49S-8

M0C/Y1)]19C7#;DV569B3-#Y+DWCZ




M'K;VI:R_FNI[WMX$MP]E=GWW-/35?O\?U!+ P04     !.HSA.+(LBB(L&




G\Z'?\A3E*K
M6X

3QW_.
MZ?@P9FO8?[_W?ME-OIG

8C

M#.3G!LH9J \#\:F!=@9ZJ(%Q!F9H2-89V*$C1



)&/F5.8
MV
=\IS)CUD,B/D68W0(]NM/@/VZX[@+'2S_=TTB36(;LDG5VR\V]413M



@
MTF,H/VJ&9P5!M$+J&-
7#!#Y@YD/@.E1SSY(3-
*S#5XO:+ &G!9)AD:%)B


MHRB24!2!MA*?-S1W$&:40E)* 9L(B9OHB)-(R9[I,@=MA2H&2&D27#R)(@
M6RA7
P?J

B2B11S(E(
/ZCX^OU+XB#KY0

L!0





/)0?#D
-
MACH
P$(R^.+(6G8DAD 
12PD@P^#HCF',[(GV'8P1 ' M0?&N(VGT3AAT
4:


M6)YWGCB/?X53^QJS


9SE)H\19J$%3_/
M$!
ZRC;W#6(B)XBE/V4VH 5!CM+Y*PT(Y)# /#%V?'TY8WTY8TW[A'H/G6!I

FN]_#PB#%@'L4H:@T!!Z'AW
M&B3Y?9/TMTSDW S[.R*:]0QFA
 J1HZOYC
%E8ZA9-8&34$31$5@I&434 WM
M:;AT'=3-T@!\C4%IRIW'VSEF!)/93X%E8ZA9-8&^4$:_:&^RCH %:)@,YL
M2D= 

0F5CJ%D


MO-)*5J\%9I0,A^#&$H0N HO




M8X&DH@@;1)5K=1*T5;=/CO$6@-IK83MG]?7PC+&G=?P![..7-FP$
Q4/;*

M';[BL9[4]\;BO^
[)A*NG

^@^:FQ/
MA'@B1-FGA&0D).\$^D!C@1H$8 I1??F@ 0JT8'CYFWVR/U$44;*+M?J:!N
MMGXFV\-E]%YF!7@KH1&S

)I]A




M:4/P1:AE+M?
3$6S$;0?!SZ8_CKE/U!+ P04     !.HSA..I+L.0 &  $


_T'*10SR/]W3/?/U'*SI

MZ[+1?C?F0:#'^VA[&
ZFY;/'9#:-W[+=]F ?DT'ZMM]'R7]SNXM/UT
V_'CP
M8_NZR8H'X]GT&+W:/VWVU_$QR;^-SU;6V[T]I-OX







O&]Z
#Q
O&\!*
)
M[:58!

7R\RBUC0GHI.1Y67)JI:TLP9F  -5
ME0DB:QS8 '65R1Y9 _0R E\O:\J+EZ@WA(HH.)0M6'$8J :

MR0


@?X%\367;KQ^EMW




MJ\K?F#+WPFA)BMR[D5K4NNA!
T4!!A7!H-&N(^%MD$Y4 ! 10&(KJ30G50/
M !4 4%%W3M[%EO;13=;@H* #1T   50\ %0!0709PH0@ V4BY

M:
/\J $ZNL/Y

M@FED #:FQP'. &Q

4^3ZKV8ZDL6'^MW?L;G%X]F_P-02P
$%
M  @ 3J
X3E




$KGF6:2<7QMR6U.Y_:L+]^
M8_]2)Z^2V2057XGL3[J3Q[D=V=:.[Y-S)I_%]2MO$_)MJ\W^.[_P3
%U)
K'



MZKIJ0%$/!($S2FQM



 ;U!$BA.M
M?#6 NR.XN'] 

F[3'U0!+CB%K1
M BB211@FPT R#36F0&C)A





JO_+EG!+W
7

MSB[-8.VH4%XX?U6;;]NYBY1'K& ;H51D\G5F*U842I/TXT^GU.UM*L'A^EW[
M%QV\#.8E:]B*%[_SK3C
E6 =@+4
M$/#;4'1NUIG(%K.:7YRZO=YCIJH(WU.9_8TZU
G6_\GT-/+TO @1G?EGI:C#
M+%L





MP$7!9
'#](0!?K(+/K:OB@X
=?[$5]IB[ O
=#BYI?F2SYLOL=Q-23I9
#!K




/0*$PX(

/Y]F
M&.#W/D!BF(TO?@=*':CN;GY

MPZ#1-[L*Z7W0]*XN8*!P'#
&HN.0












^-NYQ(MDP74KB^6:T_@]02P
$%     @
M3J






MU/#XUW6ZO%ZS;3C\_MG[K]W@F\$\IY7=%=D_IT-]O%\FR\7!OJ1O6?VU^/C-


M@+L&_-J Z9L-A&L@?C:0-QM(UT!Z#:)^*%UMGM(ZW6[*XF-1]K?WDK9/$;N3
=N0PCSV&#S#LBHB:WJ^7X.@2CSQHSL<7
DQ:DA%QQX3


H[ER9$\_=([T+J)BB] TD-:#A<[!3DL/0(1$SJ.


=^Z1U($J Q&:QB 4([*#T*6(Q)8AU#)Z
M(B;L @M4S$AB@;4GIB2QN!VSKO1J^E
OL(H%2%#E3RHAB
A(@:4ND-2#6PQ
MBL@4@54L@$5]J^#0-2*&*M8(!7[,U\((MQ8JE+$+.:6GMCJ4LV8_F.!2J1
M0(
%/)^0D0XT*2

LQB006QJ64[(8@33A2A*K6 *!:L)P%!:HFI'%



:-5:
GA*-.HQ&1EFBQK+2(- 
$6@:RTK/F+MJK!@-

80WJZQ8O0
Q6BL&!TJ)GCAJD/!
.%'H@.-C)F\_UA5
M&@C&$.9NL&#


MET\01-B\P1(U2*+4)@R6J)DA48


V$(9?Q? #R.*970!:CM%[1 L$7;:R51


DTM:MCMC\M;ZZZ


M?OCU\7J9MB[EA_RA;OO(FI?7?)





M8 3N0
1H


.A%

A(7#F$33U&
WD+H'3A3 SAA5G @%2@19Q
MM/;37 TDTG#1X&0A0+;0


7?RC2
MC!T
N@2@6\]T@4&7
T7&'0Y!70Y@V*)*9: /3JJ0&2Y*8L!E0#0P+F* 94S
M %484 78_&H#J+Q0E:'-.$L84050#3$5 RBB\648@N3PORI*956@4JK0\(\



ML+EX[;+1 MC2:[1=&?LE.2K
;T:4!?B/=N@VCLM7#Q7E/3O;'P7.[3&&0-
MBBF=
$C$[*TTIET#D(.+[2 1$X_!M!M$.Y


NZ&T@VB1B '48$ -*H]

M*C.C/!H
C*$LD//)07.1)52\+QM$XZ

K[)'$3C:+447+@80$\!C&^:MX/FDXODSU27
MWF!

+/58_[\C
+FF6M
=#0:+]0\JFR

L8J4*RL8+)(PP$
M.R-:S$) AR1QS@S@D3EDF; Q 10BNBP(A$WWYD+^PGG'QLH8G8M3:304/]]





M)B?.7\WBRV7GAR8@8'!61H'JX0$'8

P#3<1*(]SIQ)^_7.=ZEX
ZKH

$
M%     @ 3J
X3O9*








I%)9GKOT4P&!HYOEHF-
M
K%)9G+[VW@F Q)GX7(3HTQBDO$G



M&T&;?E*[P]^%[#]02P
$%     @ 3J


X$/T5Q'LW^ JTDDB=RVI7FI5:
M










JCB KJ
B

H[HL6RHD!6W%CES ?0



83%2_5

MFN?BLG21^S[QE!V.LIWP5XN*'?@O+I^KQUJ-_
'++BMXV62B=&J^7[I?T-T#


MI VB6PV(-B&@=_GWA7SGDFV6M3BXM3]]UQ]K-#=T0MU[:=[%:G^TW5LU&S

&&4!P-&%_E
22#P61PYX!.
MDD&P@Q!T$'8.PHD#(]=UCXD[3-EA(B\RZF%C$/9BF$D$
HD )J'!I



M10!HOADA6



]W?0?J!%)6^7_G#)6_U'U!+
M P04     !.HSA.-6B=A@@#  !X#   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M970V



M_QQX4U*IELTQ%'7#Z%X'E46(HR@)2YI7_FJA]QZ;U8*?99%7[+'QQ+DL:?-O
V







-T[Z( V45Q49']+FT!$)IZKQ'L8 18F$PE




V!$B5
*7OC)T*$
M\UX6%5^Y)R'J1\_CNQ
I

6AM(WSFY\LZ]HTIYI?1-#;[M5ZZO
B(%


M


=LA)AC+
M-@:SC8%L
4R0@ 3)]

^D&LP



MW(V)H+&(\17!$86@+* SCZ^9@$1[HB#FCG@-Z$D4WZ#%)AZDZ#(' FP2[
MZ5'1#2K!J80HE=DD@83*CTF_0^5'A7.H1*A5*$IE0B0PJ(:&Q%TZX(+ D

M$NDZ






RYX;6R5F-V.FS 0A5\%





MB[*DVC2Q5A9=$YFJDJ%&
MU('I&,@LCN@9,%2$!#J? 8H.D2+D/U U5(D'


MK,VL



#&\ A@O.3O+MAG]_Q;+^#U!+ P04
M     !.HSA.Z;/MV)X#  #U#P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='






W7215[)Q]II3F69U7^7

FB:#T9'G\&I^XU
M9FLXOG[U_JE+WB3SE#5RI8K?^58?YF[B.ENYRTZ%_JXNG^604.@Z0_9?Y5D6
M!MXR

M#()W#8+!(+ 



MHYL\0]I!0#H(.@=B7(28687J
7&'J?I
F9?244(R2HBB1*E5BF6/2491[G@
MG@5;A8C
'?# V@Z$4DG(NC$%IT(T6&(X5):(Q220FB06D1C7!2#V+-B*

&HLCV


M/$68UAS HA
S6W0&4'#3 #9?2IG0_*!0X90: *U+@(4I9K8P 58=@6N
0:$G
M;


MU*G2[0HQ.KWNK@^\W9VL\Z79:?L-]
U-OQ!_R^I]7C7.D])F
^OVIYU26AJ.


!CPW\N0U




98D]%R(

M@L;(TP!YAI(HBB;;R7MI?VO

M\TJ#0
O0 B*AVM




\D W%CIB3!NC'O'C&&2&  )/F
\C?*:K6*@


HG'X*4RT




M-
:R]

'0\V^F(24ML*R#+E*%^KZ/


M_3F(] B1:&B0[L388$CZ




2@SUFU]:T%DN+D+




[ 0^)# ;PC7J(H)@@@06 J)F6(3Q\2 A'0$!(%6
M3H3Q-2$#
/'GF)[8(J- (%6]R7 4%WL $R,QK+4?PS%C@'!!-
(
%D^ (B
M([Q71P.JT!/]$RADAMBOC&TQ]Q19W(0-*#$%C73$373% !18EB2!9O5(


M(
M2HM@T*-C%D6X:$*0O?@B*M)D
4T*#8-BDQC;*' ID'O
 V*38.76P6
MT00%NH^N$)/-#RCV XK\PBB0H,!X-,^DY$3+Y-,;8?O[/CW.3[']T.B.
M(F(_H,@/C(B4*3GS0394X*=A4Z&%-$$78_3B0%
U-B):#C+3F38R!BPG['E







KZ9W
20EF_RJ)J5O9)J?.3ZS:[DRBSQI%G


M;VUYFK;U;1TG_M)]ZQ)IS&; \!&&W1!NF_W6!4==;#@)Y]

$(4P04@9)8%1ZP(0]IH*E&A#Q&.&8

 DF&T.R
2!K5&03DTX^)6;9





& &1

V
FV.AYM[C*LNQ4'/V@
IJT'BXU)L



Z=6@




MY/MVLZONIB]UO;^9SZN'EV*;5U&Y+W;-?Y[*PS:OFZ^'YWFU/Q3Y8]=HNYGK








M+Z@RXH+C!%4$H1FD




):N*@(ED2&8';RF!&
M+

M$=9P


(04II.-R :3;6B(

(0DM)!R

I:0\W'$0.P;B


IZMC*3$



M.P0]5D\.\:PSW!8C





K
E@JY9_:?:R]/+WQO3P_D7,L7=OU*K:'4]ZS[[_1



8J2.+)<O288F0T1L%T7UT0
MQD$*2\E!*;F[




M)^G^?H90E
!QY[P$;

A?U
MG2IE89YL594+;8;5+JC+2HI-&Y1G 87A-



^#

;SB_AX&F(#@EX2S](B!

($$




M]82M3L@W%+K1N4;NBOA+U'+AT6@?BPUD.030QV




M4$L#!!0    ( $^C.$[F



+6=


PL]OGV

M?&MVVT/Q4





-FMN3

A%$GC;O:I&0FTQ.S
M@$KR3$X

0P'UC!KNP:
M+8
SS#

M5PFF8#YCC%%?WF1#)*XJP0CS@'CBIH(\=M@B$8.NYB#'%?&^(2#

M7Y^YJ2NA2G *(8F9EH!IY8DI

R;HR#*C(%!!C:5


U2M
MIH@*%ZOJ3UA]%4^@JCKP#ZH2T(?3.M8.^ 3'6$4%)8?@5.,XUD6(5AE\E
MP*\P_H&?A56LMQ

MTPGEK



1F2C1ZI3Y9$]DPP+,EPBIG1*<2XBK
A=80GCEC.@Z8#'Q]:P:E[O &R#CU -&3O4/
MH08B2UU\9 =12@L1U4,4UT0$NHB0.4CVB3D$YZB1R)*3$&0FM1)1O42HF<CJ
MP)RHV(MDBL:*ZBE3466'F<ZBI*:BNB^HI08Q$P)PRV&EPXH4I2SV$YU5V$
MVHLL$?4XT5_$4QJ,.-%AQ%&+46C-H+K^/K8]GZ??!D*9)[&+JYZD;MV\C_S
&ZZ'[L'*-6IB_OTIBF/
MJU.+^N+2)[_^'U!+ P04     !/HSA.6L,%)W4#  @$0  &0   'AL+W=O



M/_?]Y2X




M93

8;HY3
M
7ZF.]_INR_[+

GZR\\-$]H$781
M$68I
GVRR)AP5&X)UU@V 2Y9'VN6HXW#H3%$



B=0B^


&X?LDXER8EO *-,B;FYV:068PII?\1?0P@




M971S+W-H965T-S


USSW/GW!VWN'#Q*H^

M5E

_6@?A=Z% \NNK%DC2]YX@NV7

M7N4Y681G0]1CUAV&C#!X0(2:?9 @D
2:3
SS/+J5V$8^!;S &$2V)$(C#6R
M!.D-00H3Q!!; FB&X+
N:P.$UM
8S$1+)& $@D@D3L2'28;29 D2)T;!4!1




MHP-7

PGD





=EL
M['/;7I\<I]F?59$UHKJJLOO/L:J+K.TNZY/37&N5'8:@(G?(=0.GRZEO5T/


C1AY(-PNNR/
M)@@UL2


7*2A$5
M+XP&N;!B2E.S=+EF=KAB@'#RTHAM08KK_/DH!@R063T8Y/1A^;D#F$?P+-





MXN
\1=#2!IZPLQ!R%N[F!%Y'?

MXI:.
'

M>*[W(\UXS/A'5I\N96.]5FU;%




RJIS*&AI1

?TJ^0
TN$ &KZ-D]9A$N++.8
M3FB9Q3 1;G:)FETB I:1[!X3AU;U=YA.9)E%
)
W-#
;HV9C9!/KK&88QOJF
M=AC&2FC_&#
SNT+-KA !ZSQF&
8VBV%LLX\Q



LB]KT72E;()6'%;A(W[8
M8FH(%O&[%+=NT@Z

1.F1%?EW%1E25B:1U_!VAF-.

L# ;WW\155!IN

A#(2


MNII  R;O


M7!_CK98MA.&PV P4FP%BG2G)


XC
C



5OOX/4$L#!!0    ( $^C.$X:^..J:@
  ' 1   9

!2%7P7Q (O@451&HZ
M39NT2=6F;;]IXB2H@#
@3??V








OOYSRMXQ +^(IYKTH'+]%PTQA&%3&






M2P
$%     @ 3Z



?F[DM5;E:=/+J==-Z.)?#LF
/

9CUI8*9A-T6HL]\L@+)8@Q4.]P8;




M

R_GSHU PT(H!48#T9TQTT'A8F$! 4*O#&-Z+Y0D@*Z[4GG!WC






EM%%&9HP
MU8C!!@;-B$A:GUU@GXL*.W1\ZV#C(N+L%E)[(+E?1.R-
];\S!2!8K^!Q&L@
MT09B



$C\




M

MR*](M!S(V9!JBN(P3%%-JL;/
Q
[\CQC-TFK!H[

M3=[ZM6K


JQ


M


M



WT;V%X0- %!'T B9\&A%U ^!D0/0V(NH (!'AM*G9O<JKH<B[X


QR _A(8=3HYU&*7C


FT#^8.*8U%+9\N5[F1LOW'@7#%MTG_1E\=)]ZS]H&0'95X3

O;K)[KT_Z&C[IJ



@1E$=!:')@[*(
EGDA3-



%R%(

X/6R/4BJAG2:1KJQG??^:.I4X*M/,=+L;+B%#1\EVO&#%
MTRUO\Q]02P,$%     @ 3Z,X3GNU0N6S @  KPD  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T.#

MY))$Q-B3FJE?9W]AG#2]%X'2H _]K%KUO/7^[V:P0=0;1(-!F#XUB'N#^-
@


M49AQ%


( [: #5-C9;:& '
KM@KYF4

MR




.*/_E!
8SD21-.&L<
MWNZ'FNAMAY98/:Z]7C1/Q]Q3]11J]9(B'^/$NV@EUJWH* /BON@S1@4]!'/
M8T0X$'D!(+,.XJE,NG0
)W \.-^I!
*(:@0&H6PKS ?Y#H&1:$/NT2@2P2Y
M+ 8N+0@;4&5 _JB8P3&T:DGZGT(L5@I'@4:1Q-,2@0/S (YF!C.@6/&@



$%     @ 3Z
X3CZFZE F @  0@8  !D




M;+P-FN&84A.G^YOZ5U.[JN6 !6P9^=


MR_






M;6Q]5-N.FS 0_17+'Q!S6[** &F3J&JE5HJV:OOLP'#1VIC:3MC^?6U#6$+0


M/9L0



\.U#J0MUD6^XCQ
M-PN=XYK.TR);

_0\J
MJZ95ZRTN8'NGI1:# IFGPPJLU3
QD
2FVW6[.7P\ -AA;=^):0Z4'+_@-0
M2P
$%     @ 3Z

C&;


MC

M*UL.JX79MZ H]!9^6866CGT NLHWMN8;VQ3^X?K:JK#^#\\V5H7-9SRS@A9^




<$4S/MG68EO<7V?U[/QT7;V-UMO]^3QK:$=!*O@O+G:;I?V
MCZ' -^'JZ[F*D_1T\MJXZD 76Y#N@8RS^YCO'&



M8UUD2
D@F$XH[ K M$DB14H'QA9'9 K? $RECD[A!L&4I;'= EAL341KA

MC5
:6\YA-C66SK0 


M8NU\1+CS&N%

MU71R!4 YTYO:7LP9CCD#VX.




C*(+^[U#]7-DV$2FP%=8?J$M*JR&ORB-%I8248?:*[]8HA@E:#9E

MT;0
;R'
TBTV!;%E
6.P'
!$Z*_ZF)LB6B!NS8F;;0/-3^0ZR %V









[5W#/_P=02P,$
M%     @ 3Z,X3KRH.0;+ P  #A$  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M_*=$[2YF3;R^/ZO/F^)E

); %8&/K2%4A'!L!.2=1\Z[




M.\;*9&#.J#

1*$L$( *P1W3%(.2_!/)^F&\7ZF#'#;8

M^LH$PB[GLN]K$,XZW
V4(C$B

MC

:OJ^J]:


M;N



.*%DN
MQM'_83Y



M(


M30;=9
Y;%H0)2 HY$JQ7HBMM'26NHYLLGK[V


MEGI7!J8B2RHF2J1(LDZQ%G4?R73J31$&(B
@DEO66)(NC7
Y$:4LX]BW%6$


_(Z]M
MC%^%\
MNV1U5L_KN[OX48J_[ZG=(E?FV8PH#6J%M*[N%64GT4J9EJL'Y  ?V
1O.



M
.W,D'(9]RL-Q-75\&A#.\Y=(!B<L9+W622
1QE_MZ=9+2F'S_NK^K/8N


J5]G


XTC UK;H





9D!



M=O1D&;A$= 8GQ(







(@H)I#RB:Y9=\ET
:+KK_CAA*BJSF5'%)L+0=4
MI3E5&6#*$2&5&;?);MVPT=C0D,LB*C4&--4:X^MO@%5&D89L-LVQ/S(HK5E
M6RO@OE93K7T4G,?F=R]LV@^+^V$SC&FVFO?%OVP93]LA3#)=EIKA DG#*GB


F/LLQ@

T8.I7KV_^\I7=] MATB2'R*939A+


MWZ8H!@_9ZZ&L6FA=/;^Q\5U6#YS)];&X6@IP?26N-J?W
3[=GUX/V23Y\_90

M?N_E]G]02P
$%     @ 3Z

M5


M(R^SQA
G7JE_]J(N












M (%2'GG



?WPP&X\DW__GO5?Z?_[[Y
MS]?%;+O








5\0U-_F7+






M; X

_.@EM=\8PW]2%=-KRVD]9?



1RJ8F@7_*
M-BDQXDQNM]HYG(&VLF4!J&A@&\@NZL)C\SW1




-+/H=QW3VKF!FT_WW]
M8,.:@\COQ(ATB9SJ-_JB=C9QB4Y XH0.\C!.6I\#@X1C<:+X(E(V8%&DJU@

B;OG



M]Q=.J.8+WSVAVN




MX43B[N/SWN0




M9




M/+%B)PTAO6[+T-(7;D/!_&R!!D50S3?Y!D\+TN^P_\

OB!OI?'#W&/

BZJC;YDOHG



9S!!'C?(Y;.;FA$X4CY/$


P3







MM\F^X@Z
L']4

MV_H#K G2!BFA*

2'Y(&3;4KWL(^06*:8CU.Q
MXQXX! @C
U(EE%7A%;&E09



M%.T *Y$ G' N4V2M&@YH^KQ;0G?
[-H?(#1/A)3GMP?)I-00.@F\
S$7





4ZR&POWQ!EC&WSM@Q\9-P/&5VQR(1/(-'!D:&3]UO
M5W.G:Z (A8947/:*?84%2A)(D(]EL7UX! HI\V)+.:D/9;HD75J[#MNI/!W1





M;R/U$H6$]B=KV'/S_!+M
L+0R&#MTE-T_5@@DE6BB7D7@8]/)4L@FY_O&0V'
M/5(N#YLV^0D-3_







^J[)];%KJIG
3O77WC
Z013K3
]LX*W%BIIXI1^?M
M_'LD*<3YA _CG10U/NF?.V,A4?2EF$(Y4SFY=(8J(:?3_NEQHO8'T-SAIVQ.
MYE_0&XMM!1,@^SF.6^VWI;%F*PV279^N,MD7_:'+WIY53LG2*&LUWCB3<BF
M@%F@1'12;;*UN(L$:B
TE)



MLQ4U2Q(





MV9IC#=23#SM/*FY9









ME%1K34]WCA^+I:B)*82]IJIDB52$%B_)=_!.T![-:B62.N=@ZYRXDW.R;L
MA#S0


M16)M5V7B@LV$5C8E;TW/FW2
:!D.#VX!7#:Q+$661K2[2&9M
U!)Q78^OM?)


MY3GF2SU7HL^L3AX*
HTZK



M@'S)YY2(%C

M%DFY762IP./P&8R6@TRK]'H9-?C(:(
*S2H83F83\2AJ33[-+95DF!@PCF

AVM!]7V8/

/8FA)#.D3.:$D


5[D7Q1#5#(B.#[0@?V

M 3W#HBZYJWCN2P
X9Y7SUI UR@U2;TFB;LS[\$P&IN+XQD0=#I)G[I=.EZUM

J5I'ZE5!^RW#P_4O%FK$!

MI@]VJ^FQGLU?



K.Q/


@@&2)3Q




74<Y(P8OMBBCR^(2JAZJQ&B[5) KK!F
M?\PDOMVLSA


M4(AXK7:PL(P.053+=2N I@4%5J-:K/JEUAX@P!4*].2I:&:JQ;^\V*B2Z%'G
M/)5V55=E/F&WCM!PHG

9[JWP0VI
:DL
M\07H+@H=F-:(
1='C 94J\W0;

M:[5@DT?D[8EO.(5?8*5 $_WRLA%;KU)9JW&D!D]L'GF@#'@8PC.J*=_!*U3=
M9@A+Q2?LPDU:;!R;$(
V&4ZJ;QZAF8<DQE2S884]8NH0PW4$-6DJB'7^_ USN

A\WM


SRWW;MBBH^WBU=QU0-O1K.=VA618-(F&W6SK5KW!0S:A Q



 @Q=HQ#H
@X3!;O3@F(0Z$'O2+J4GDB)!:$7/WOR&

=IS
K]\+ 5


HCH&OHH9$





[:$Q
@93H.M\6GKABSN-IUR
M(2'2!XE5ZN-DR'/$3N6JPB.

2.Y1[N2
MXE?RG?.
-S8RU'0=[SJ3CSMBU?
J VDI
\8%9E79/#!VB-2ZO$



.B_@HTDEUF+?=D^BR?&K--C

I*4
MVH!M-_DF=_#N+B



MA;RN2+OKPGOGFIE'%T92JA@8#T






;$/P?0SGU!)X0!\/

M.7C!XFI5YK

IGJ@B3(6S%Y!2D
Z?=3U
4NM7Q%/)









.A?)GK.JB+WH%%45ZY$


M]
MVI


M(




RF;M-(K86
M'+)7F I:]QVR#&[W9,_.F@
NPJ@?H
5UBW'WS4 :



MJ



MC6!S.IJ-93

MW=3.0QQ*$9PO$16GRB(
'OA+XCD-'#L
\O3W#C(*@K/U&SU2CQV)B0X52\U%

M
A&I_W@5T/;1M/E44!!/PD$\7A4
N+T-+#4



M2PR^OC.XV):?XZJ\G VF!VE/


MU6CW[Y+ P)$.8I)WJ17F
-6& OUG#'^T3#^39T7\C[3B#[Q;O#D9TPR2TXP!
 T\
M2KHF2KL.'M/%O2]_%F5@4M[S8=;F$.G11H[5N6^0]T



M%;S8F[!Q.9BM.Z&I3DCDAF%E37'%K2CD)+CWM1;9G[ML^ J.JV;?H[A3KK


M2=HB.8A6M7:R ]
6A:H+3Z*!+1'3F3=_CP0PYH.ELZP22Z+J)E $(A%:NP]
MOH

M80SXZR576ESX*EUK.7L5E2PF6FV=262




DNF#T4&Z:3]*'
M'9F


M[T


M'%ODT.8N8#$





MCLK
WO9?7MF4==+:@7Z[HS-
53Y*!MU!?TR;
U




M_
+[ZLUR%S_\<U:+N=O_A
NJ[]=W=R^NWH/U]3U

MJ4]Y40TV
Z??G/DH$

M6:%F




MXTQZT\FW4BQAOL60T.\&D^]H0@$8U 3'=*O5$^C1L^\&T^^HXB!%51(X]Z2/
M_XYZYWW;Z/2[
WP09)WAL30E__:FP8-GW/EP(P6?Y_NZ'9(W4XF*9/1R@:
M(_9&U-HY/CE*.J.P7Q#9)DW]CI

MMV@IU4M+(^S.8)M )\3+$7%7^I



M)ILF%8UMA





=:J2=_570%Y1U^#C9=R]UM.!@GFVO=
MDFSNM=2(X



MWB@D!-N!]IV@ Y
.;P=Q%GIMZF


[#O\3-@=;%[#K 5XGV$+(Q.'+

M2V_M&#6L0M




M\E@\X6ITQ;T:+
R
^G-[&T68;C?PYV\2




M-!;.US&*\]&JS'?.41(I1P(%VDHWL.9(.O]F*YGC
=3:5'$H#7AW$:.I!U@L
AX?=;YJ'+U.O$B!



MHN$HAAG&A$:XP(JVY54D=DQ F868SMQO=2X1Q8,\I*KV*+S?Q72NMMYOJM1
M]G!54-$\62J:A9M*_10[!ED-JXJEU9X( ;$;'T01U-8M/.]4)56PP@]-U2&

(&$Q&1J2XV']W4Y+$XRR=9=^#P\(/6YAG%DMO0P3N+

MES


M'%]$AW(T


M--B
<.*5T+(8'7FL[E2V#'9?9-1!ML/Q
MD V&_60T5-



G*WXR!I9J)
SI!L5\[26]OLXNDTQ';WI
M'PX]I2$[@#5A4U2'\Y/QJ*5(&EI7HP/Q B,&-@TW]2$_9@J^C &G%H^[DL

M+$W@XYPC9X(FI!KFU-Q?Z].D[#^GAF=GZR[;*J4 #W!

MS@976J_B+IHI(J\




;Z3VJWU? TY+&U?5
*A#+O/$1O7=A82[2&2YHG(51LQ&XK _!5#01T'
MD0[W]=Q+?HS70TM_ZJE26)Y60B:ZP:1?(@1D)=+HU!KN0BCHS!OY@%WY5;9
M.A'/MW(VZ(:K\'J\G6&


7)FW1YKKY5?QO6&$A77U6JD#-



4EJ-7;


M!EK):F/VX?NV@(


#Q'
M!RZVKJ63QYROAQ=_\ZY
_^^NZ*Y@\
9+=V4TQ!P$0@]J[V** ?ACAS=]Q
\?



GRJ L?*!. SOL2B!TJ/TUO
M

9U!'[X_
M=ER[
Z04;1S(&2W]F*/_?/Z\E3T:4SCZ;VX8.7K%GX2EP5R05^YP.Y280I


M!HE0]&6S-'R7.*\&.V#H&\8HL\!*]3TI HC@0HO[(&C)&5 =S)[#!%VD*U\_
M3

&IG#3+&
E79(YC*QG5#*
M@X:7&D**Z&B'
\0=RNW&-JO&@(*]7!LBY
]Q(HC3'DH.Q2[EA@KFXE
MUY[#)Y&A

B$G^N]7%Q_2OYV\?;GJ^3=U<7-SY\$
MW<-(QA)CO.1.54YHE@FTD&GM%%!:A+&

]+


MS/PXIH2;Y1MR/A6W%X* 5E]#G_/N@$=
D(A_5])$5#DFL .*]'K
G@6K&)=7

M_^M'5A]!D
4NI2L:HCWCR&8W%M.
SMA*MGP@J;R+!(#PJ$^X ;Y+6H!N ^ )







MK/3Q=SYP/ XQWRVU=/IT4- C.Y8:Y#6_\0[_






0=


O!
O)&#0RF@ ?KBZO_?.XM/H58&




@K




2O!/:



Z*_F][;KL(W3^EIK/D3





M]R!+6ST@A@?G'38-YB]40AC#

7:(21J-)^A5ZH(GU)T&


/M[8F^([?#PGS$%R0P'%$G


M@U.NI#J8D%

%@BC+8DZ_+O(

R&/A@AW%I \$3R1.U(Y

1
Z4W3/[=S*D'!.QQRCH)LY

M4_\9YO3


(C)3_&-&]3/U(HU
M:'PC+@O=HUB
:J9$ZKJ]T9II=0_1TZ*NBDWKJA


2OO6XT2WND 09 B_.0K?K1?:H
T.T%$=LW31F^%T;*HZJ

M7AE%E1-SV@D ;\-%J,A)04#0JIN14PHLF.

MPD(!RP
#O%!'F 'RNJ$(O$/#@M]/

M8MWL/DMYI=PG3

M@*
&W1+09$4;VNM2E-XQWB+JK .6M[A\QWGM_?XS7CRIFM=\E1ZK?)#=K&





T
$H/\X+UZ2O^5X6R0U:L!A1:L2*
MN-@
0H

M5E@[C:3SAK?NCBDE&C'LD #04])*-*S#]G_;N:*G)R;V=VC&0T3
;HVT$:

$D4NNF?78GGG7N$KQSXI'#XFXD:

]U%^_7Q


\UT-!R8SNE#

J&-FO1A.49D3OZ-%2M@TG;]H&[II44HPI(I4W5F=ZM)YMS:HR2G9)

MP)[#DO6(





L\0+


MJPM7C0NED[:%7P?B3#?Y F
D9X&P:DX(KY%];9&=N:]8F0457*?ZNAKFEL8P
MW/BHS%B[1'=%]-5?*BDFE65*R+5^U=Z\;8


WF?$8LSZJ*I
RTS]W]W[ W?OC=C' CNF86G=Z)B9
(5HPFV&A
'+





K$-]HK=_ 89V2C% S6+N'J 8-



3$T$J)!
M.1LXTX
^$V5JD^=URYHQ

TZ
M/


:

*&H)LCM(+$


M%8E?


LJ038_V\:*LVGNZ.E5I\16*1(CV@I1CE9)Q
IU*E!.35-2SP
MLY;#(#01L@_B72&D?5]' XBGWPYC8^NCVT8MJ
U 88E^WXYA9Q(4K=:2-N+Q


M
3BD3
_6='9H\W373@V:Q0$@.+@'SL+8C(C3BBQ1[]!HJW\
Z

M^%#8&6^O;47D^..Q:/Y


!3=\)*$0D^23


]
D  46;Z8PI#11C

@
P%I:/L6DFJ/:?_')+I?

%QPSS;M
MFO$+


M5^V0NSDO3)7H1[A$X4Z=I:55O @4Z-NDDYRA)7B!C)NT;$S?DIG!$0C'0W

MJPVJI^LB7VW\% D0.YRN#M1.DY-2

MJ4E*%80Q03IWM@

I5$3G\X ^5_7%;Z6 !#%7RI%HR7+&:?%8-0.'+7JD7)'
M/34L






(@4.5E2][P'1YRL@G@:=E9_Y
MNW*MQ+$MVO[?]_.KFD@^/$5PES


#D$N1]2=
MZ; '8N4;/LCX/
)680M8F ??/._WSO!-?/ALV 
I^

M6BY]4(4FK?

MXB&$R6=2VXH 7K9 WR7C^Q)XKSS K\0%#./5@$.?.45*?(# RREH3^X+7'I7
ME% N\6TEK-LJV1I;&2;M137&


M06VMA;LS155:IU*N]




M

69#_5/

M]'-5(9!A?)6P-X:]#[;!P:#7[\OG^;B7](T02)]_;PW9J3:\:C79RC(\;@W
M3E3A==4%Q7

=


M





M59O/!%/O;3&EE+2C2##7!T-V6B=@N!3W!42)/B'R4ZD$/[UC);'(ZK'-$V
M
5@RO:Q^'R-TP@1AZ9XZ:=:G.)L$(F
G&9.H*CU1=8:Q1JPO83_$.JJ'0H)&






'I=D[$5XR@D;6-4U+I#DZ(^DUO7F!.?
KKQ:3H00



MM4OQV4

UDM9#2^B7B/J8YPVYPAL^[%8Z8K#G!ZREQS=&#]-0O-G%*/^4[?J


CALB9<JYT#QB11P


M$7&VHY'_//& @W'U OJK1I?
./=*NWPR27?NHUV_;(DZ83-BT*0)J2_=+'-B
M[10?O[E?+;=W]Q0;KQ[*

%FSK'S8YE

GA[$88Z:%4 CE&G083926]@H

/



[/&Y!;:8FXQ_U\'.,2.,$A=*58B4K4P^[R3=\E






X;^S]1]KG2?&!Z62

(F]]UV@1-YQ+$P..


V*M:C2VFH1H+XH(UQ@L[86Z0AGW-B3OW=L(U

MIZ[_C0B]DQ+T*75%[KZ)WR]A'BSG;K^YOP=U6^ F
E'WN_8:=]1FJ2X=K4*3




MAM


8S.(7@!:ZE2B&ZNC$P66!X**
M.3G5GQO1ST%T+H 9MSQ Z'AN51XO

2CEQ-JX8
K


'K3+;-0++WH4LNSQ,H=[(@ CZ(+6]\\
MBMGCWB2G B/7W
F@G!HJYK2:^)\$
^[T6=-5F_8M^$: 90.8R!FC!1.=*&#
MO)E=:*N@ ]2&H;'#28].^G68OM3TL

74S)^L3G15_;+\CKNZJK3@1?*/

J&_


68_TI

MXB=W4O@._&S[0+$BT^AV/OD&RY#(+6L=%-+PB&G*\=

MXT%=ZOF:]0JEW


M



M=W.0EBLVUWE /'(

7+040EG
M^;!4LHC:;^U!4_3G^
^HU)1.MJ3U0I[ [/:)EI=WV9I/%6Z1_:

PII#_I$.KGUOL[64LI\:



]XK$


FG2U+
M[+'_'2B0$&

%S/





-CGW-;N:)#1'F7=4<H@S79G]&<_8F?R 4*,
MDP2[,!P-G KU_%?+G0'AT'21=VMV!G\T[$R*P.4DA'4G^D(&]5N9W(@+B0C
MJD./T*3]=F:
 O84?!XG0 \G_NEOS#!/*8TB[@XDUBKK9C'LNO[&\&=[;$PV
MIER# 9*7!_E0+9ENCO]JM]XIZ D32 ?.6:(_:M8[4^L[I(. D*NL.T@1+]WR


M 
+T#OH%=C%J&MJ/.*U'PDF/A)


MRT^H/CBFRZ?Q')?QXDO2;VOC&_0S=35-L1; QS$T1NP)'BPP-]5OP[9Y2/
M:7W&N:R3ZHX1

GN$='E.ZG.AGVN9/RQ98##PWY3.
!R1MC

[5R4\QV %VN?JTEI6MLQ\(@&P91D3_(R38+I$8

U#.0\.M4ZT9L'U\Y&!$M:=OC4O#EHUZ
]E
#GJIJ9K




D-HGD0=4[4=E(6*AQKN
'N


MVYW6(:YVSH#'/E;]H]#V%;2=*9!K5]/H[7*[8M.=+V3$W205F*MNF@P9^JF;
M9KG\EE%J[SO*.V+?390GE&L\!/D@:U\)7Z.@







:/@
SM]5,[-;JK8A
MX8+5U)SSL^CJYKZ8;I'X%<G_7'7A1\




MGNR@Y60Y+1/ [ Q;)U,)HRUV'?




B

MQ'8N4%U;H3)O77**H



MIJ@FG9*

IWV%=%
!2.
M91B' #6O!;/W02GL3J5UR2PS1; Y?].BGC(<QUJR#FW3P;%2PO62#MJIB^:A
MX3BY4H/)FET[ PG@[ZWO&0D&OYR;(CY5,!A=[:?\(&IW\_N<%#G
_7YU(NO



MA =@Q

M;4@E B6H6@KL9(/K;.7/2G -&9#'@ T5)O52:DDQTM[RFCZSW%]K-HMIM4/@

1P_F8J
G?=
MB&_!W1#<=6H\(A+AU=(==PFD\M$)]I7?3S1: O=')E ) V983X24V[Q^N22#
M\U'L@R!LT3IP)0VZL^$R<_..7*&$
URN: %:[T!ZH0_K:5H&]05[-U6D0
M%#XO1$]2)#9]$EQZV+[UH)$AQH&ZACG6'G\N.B4'4@V*3MN(#YM5R!D
2C=D



M




S#]NTUH?)Z@X&#T+


UL]_N

RD9D\+G

MMRK8+&F
XAJMRO@3MH\(P9EQ4O^]J/D4+0-2@_9O:Z30L^0!$3Q=+*EU=E#N

M-47]L/F3BWI&'1




M%=O1PH/.8X .?[-+CD'@FQ*0GYCP^5J80CTB2$*X3YQ:B'PO^MZ
7LV0]&L4

#!V(CE1I[:<V70T<!?\T.5]31+@!X-;B<@])4.T
M?$P 5%B
=



AR8T.QJ4'/6

M(


M'#OGF!@KW?EK;I1QZ$N59Z7VC%

I=:.#

N%*RS0-






2*Q@S2G$FN[)CR10<#NG9W^?1_MG=UULV3H5.1(2

0ELQX'6MRY^N^8'S




LH)]SDN L(68:;'/2Y2@4 ?^/HS



&6S?8**)SG%1Q_#49D?5\GNKO)QR.UX/03CDW.Z.PX
MKSK 7_VT*-M^0[




3;=TR&1#:V+L.=JS&;
@?W.E5

R


M?52(

M0S0G;(D9FVSA9UTO.8!OXU$+W8B*5DQFZG\82'A):Z63^62X?]++#5N':$TG





M53Y2DF_%C7Q/4VL(@EN)5^*1'99?F[(TBG#]N4)KG6=FGBK58B2WCZ?88B
MHX5(
JJ6A748Z46(86ITUR#I9352+54803&@9J'V+6Y40&PQ%;U1Q^H;!WLY

PH)%RU%.L!7K:C21N'A ^
2!!2$N?9_CD[#I]L3


Z

M/W87M61HJ:
P\[D.JR2L1\8AY%*.J
I2/P2 B&F$)
?Q-%OHQ7G&J_6S^06+
M-(TN5)/EKW92.#?.$06$K


MX- 9TE-@VV=59W$GI6^1$I$Z[(3Q
CMQGP!3-=

JU;8
M !






D(ZD(E7








U

M94


8E?^'I1B5<W#S[;[4(LB4N&7H

$YW4XQVZV3@5._:



M@GZW$H_):58*YK5 +B
AF@-V1XXYUAQ2G1Y/[5?&S'4@Q05:
15*9$+EK9CS
<ZY16G*J7?)#EWIRZ<25G^
MY%0'L 59GQ3#K&%W:#V.R4


M]T'&5CZ]F6F?'1R\F6\]!@HS5IR(@UUU.!;C%NVF=;Y_+DHP5!(QYQA_ C G
)6PQ'$U



N]@RRTS=4WVF#

M4

K
M^M(?WBA_:NJA4)




BO1C)UB2@*T6F<N HG
M_U5+1V,GE(O^*VG%G=Y=FD?-J6:)($?Q$(&8BG-#F8@:3^G+'
230?L'F^Q

73V:_WHF*R%CF&DQY0R&
!TEL=
Y_1%D)6+^X-GAKSX=3XI\T*(H
M:QTS A!U-]$IY4%X[?S=9K5=Z[TD(
H'V/DHKV5.868W?Y!L=$4Q'Y\C5
?Y




M;)#-=J[P[LV_;:*IRH$2F_OD]Z6NXLS6(2YO$MUM)^J%35&X!:'%B-@CQMR\

MNU!KM49L%:HJ%3/9+71Y7@[']Y_/C8C4K?&F:7NYS)%.\C=NWB8)?O'0MJ

$W
L0ZHFCVZ0NNVZ]ZY:KU-H_(9Q=W

MD!1IIOF#%VR8N7

MY

M @:X(O_/[KWH[C7E;9@H

MBM*W^CIJS(Y(3/)GCB01DF$M^O@ F&^
^T$N ECLH(T_H)ZO2?*9O3*.D7






XS_VQ)Y:.Q%':$56
?U3_


'X4


M&XYPW\;C1$)Q
\-J1DI^[:LCWU?/1/%7O#WB&[:OKGZ!PBB'BK)+4':"(L
M%;%DBOM !ADO6'F+;B3\-Q)!@Q*G@'S=N T$YMF')D!L6/C(:B@$MR680R*


4GHEK# RZ6



S=]*\VO3
M/#D\R)&!ARP.*]:&OFO-X\M 8I6N3)-4^^551%6XS']7XHNPFVR@)?2H33%2






M4'_(=.H

MTSV0.:*$7R]!D6\RJBP\TS=Z9\Q\2K
KEE\:P8(Z5,X,#/Z-!9G5=W[ZA*





M*K;1[8\Y*3SO9GW.V[/I./HSBT

Q[OXQ

MDW3'PSZKY=W1().2M:.4'6YV9_1G/V)G\@'DKR3!+@Q' R=^E_]JN3
C N[H
M XW$ECZD/QIVAB+D4](QU9^H2#=JN3



$4D/IZ8J_5)P
MEQ7AP*[F9R[J)J!M:&.RNAUK/3_),8<]2 *1BR&RQ;[UR7(9W+=8[K8Y9




\HD4TIUD.:IVJ<VY5TAC:M4[H$I6<2T%-@5?
^)S\!V)8=!1SG

1;\#T\M&
7F1D(5$




M&9]5)\
^=U*^C_
!0TJ.QIQM.28+DKV!JUW$W0P^\VB4P8*0Q\AO5H-5[03\



M&YB0.A(V]E\2GJG6\S K2MVK)ZGQ-@1Q+\/DYM[I1VNGDI]C0D1'6-^^HN
MOMU\AP*;ICAW:8HK#!?V9L4&*%FJ.X3#*NT .#U$H2XZP=05K6!
' E&'^R*
M ZEG

F1M3'4JPB!WZXB*5Q!4PM=:
M^RDE?9$F)(@(_3Z_1-FE


M%=]W-TV&[ _NIIE %-


.'A@/J9@@[=1K
B4&S%^*/1'
=89865BK!DGTIM[L26$VZG&D
MJJ847]



%41QI$UZL 1[A6G

CN/]1&5A@%=+X%PTL*_T#M\0B I






#




GRF#)%*CLL@$?_
M_$AK?]O]%_1+\5D:OC)M?@3S0.56H$&\6.KB1Q9]RA

MG)-=P@YE4CUEBRUXZ
IZC.J&E[;N;&=3'R9_/F^I\KJ95QM^@9FKZZMM;SO;


P5 R7

9QABW9T7[L78'C^]3+J

ZZM;!]NU\^%HW+I
M!+^SL&SYK5AL-6B:)=V*P*#U#P+66S,*'!X'9!GQ3AO2^TR!G4
E)*Q1
HB
MK8TQJ;@QLWH6D*:6-[?0.!)-EN]$Y1

0@CBGQ_O;/,:--H\D:_PZS4<
MGG\!Y(&YM3I^OI@3OR\?2[(7DR[9-?^Y^GUFOK*\MSZ)W3T.1.*:5LD0Z


]ILW*XAG7%Q)FD2Y;_M#C2NFFL5;*&WM)+[Y9G;R0UA*.P:


M[RX_4K[]J1JVXI6'-X
TH=!GJB'FYT1:[
]L:H

\FZ^
MO';.QCYK47VU!5E__7CQY?Q-=/7E]
OY584Z?[GX6-FBSY\NOWQ]=_J^A16V
M1?\&WY7
&NO)-[I32CO2PNK9HJO7I-Y_G#PT;/%NU:8JH@J7/@UIB356PI:B
Q@\*HFW UUWBJ-$/2Z!MV<FN%_94\5H.8Z]6]Q[SKLWU
M0$QX'Y*3)3M[C]I/+J <3 )H^(LSTG4A;HUOVP.L FNMEE0N$T!4+%(N6=
M*OWNVXB;-.9:(0\Q*1SKB@BQ
'O7%/-H7-IUU3;&=FSN^OJ+Q.A(M3##:L[


M9
B.5]+5#64[6'5HUD&S+J=;V'C##[LZFEJG4YMKN.S[HIRB6[^#DA48D=










1#
M G=?ZQX

E\3J=4

=8E#@PN9/JP[(OO


?+K-HY-9]L%H6/?3!XG-P'7AJO

ME$$]RM)O5!R/OSB#:7GJC5CZO9 C5+YYHI!@E^YH@AH

K:=2#9:LVRU9++5)-(%9*8L40JN+:_@-JXK-Q2(\F*
WRLD'
MM]I
!%?

MESNIHA)Z












]8T
MF^\^U0Y9@6OEAM=+H+5;1
)VEHFROMDD&CQ3L6BK*;A1WD+YGCV']:@3)T*/
M4HW;O



5!J#H)O)GS6
+K1D



M3P@] WZMJV+U#6@P))ATV!;?=I3/7/7PL$K&F!\PC%:K\Z_HN64?[DD5%YM_

;RU


MH)Z.]OL=1P80]Y;(')(T

(NSXB3\[;TIRW:JC)
MXL2D<VDA$O09EE7#4F4#ILB=E'Z(OM_/;NY-N5% U*.5\O-Y39F=K\OS%FC
MQQC)FCA^'0/626XU:2B#*AGHO?;HMC*BK[VKGH:HNH*9J=D[5*)?66GWZE%3










M[]WRRQ^?]A?F08V\]%X@X30ZAZMLEP9R0!









4F2+1'R)07/-2G)GZH*F.FQ3H\+OE/9*[^^9=1Y6E7OUWP'
V_7
]IOQ48+XEI.C/%?_U9NRB%;4V?
;[T;S

M1M)



M5QC9#6[^+Y*A8$.2(.Y8@DP_30:/+&7=3G3+8%+UA=44[1@!#NH&Y#JLG8


\H:B9ALI<VM

M[

MD%#%W
;5\


M3AVE&816+LE#1)X$
0%\[F&J)7\J245.=J
#M'D0&K6T:G.7NA;#HIS*%MC?



/BI =O
M9(NQB=



M_J; 
BX?)@@SO4'\S6I-0A'N

M2*JO=MM\^5JQQ&5#

MQGK7B X[[%5]3;M
Q6/B.








F:!^^\A^N
M'[NUOT/V4%0\G]URY3M=]7M_H,OSLTB?C6X4)R?]<3?Z(!<K7G3Z-/R8$82


M   ( $^C.$[(R8(;9@(  %@

!3'

X3DEWR?/P5#P)_LA'&RB#

M_U0)=?$
N/;HQ='1^/;D8N@_MH$3)S&VS2_NPE]'Y?=+1;=C04GNX0[H5V
M)
[^C.A72$/ITWNDOWWYNN




MT$?L'R^]N8 /\;
&P\O^4 ^B5-T=OB0D_-'9O2:^WOCD;#U1.B\8%$1J@AO
M:'.2IMCQF#=:!#^8QR'=NJC[EX*65VBAG_E;^CHWQ1FJJ+HV4[3!/;V.P/N



M*V;B;]W=V2I*UWJ7VK:;=4+\_BGL?J7

M7O=_H7KN*?KD




O:
M=-J*'Z%F_(@7\S3_MW4W[?93)J@69K=,EBK7LA#G[I6;JUJ\VJ:82\#9K]\

MB9A-LDXOLF?0=L2(9-$W%F*7&J7&8JN['X3GZ2M7$-3BQOW+KI8@6+1(4]

8ODK*UUI6JG8S5_0?VLS-S*Y8(&-!'2

@K$;-7)JI0N6\8_VZE;90MGL2%;((W$IDE

&[&&#AP4

0@%!-9*&&V$
0
M9)DBZ7,%MJ!N9G/0C&1A5)F^W$M-9W8U-
9*&4NQMN5\_1A6JDIN]FBBR4
M
EL(]QS1E%%DJ9+81[C@)
9*&4V4(8DP9R*9RN=M!^N(1B(@NES!;FG%
M1!9*#SG)X&Y$


5VFWM+

M


MLZ0-4H8LE'&OVX&8-
G(D(4R[I4[$)
F&1FR4
9L(3P'%0ZLE#&;&
&50Z
M7+[#;&,&50ZLE#&OH('C:?32A\CXV9+80Q::6/D87&W+
3=@W[KX1$
9&%

MP:PMBG.W[[KZRTB_O[O&9MWTQ_\ 4$L#!!0    ( $^C.$[RZE
[R0(  $PW








M [TS7^\
]




MX=0CN;WY;+?FO@N+3T_73ZTWB9FFKJU-:
=!/ S-JZ;+YX:IL]V\QN_;R7^(


A:
M4F0M*;(JBJR*(JNBR*HHLBJ*K(HBJZ+(JBBR*HJLBB)K19&UHLA:462M*+)6
M%%DKBJP51=:*(FM%D;6BR*HILFJ*K)HBJZ;(JBFR:HJLFB*KILBJ*;)JBJQK


M.$X?(\\#P    !




M3J

M='

4



&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 3J,X3C #NJV 0  T@
  !D

M% 






M 0  T@






M4$L! A0#%     @ 3J
X3D8SR5.T 0  T@
  !D              ( !DTL






M3J

M='

YX;6Q02P$% 



T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $ZC.$Y4

M965T

X3JE(B4_$ 0  -P0  !D


4     !.HSA.]/9K
0!


X
M3BW+^!:X 0  T@

O






&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 3J,X3CJ2[#D !@  A0  !D



4     !.HSA.$&XFL%,  #-

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $ZC.$Z[D8N7JP(  4)   9                4Z5



M970U-YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 



  /0-   9

M  @ 3J

M:&5E='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !.HSA.Z;/MV)X#  #U#P







X3MA/CKF3 @  60D  !D





4



4     !/HSA.3M02IH '  .*P  &0

M   ( $^C.$Z\J#D&RP
   X1   9                ?L= 0!X;]W;W)K

X3O/^CHR]!   X18


YX;6Q0
M2P$% 

4     !/
MHSA._P)3;C[G  #I0


F&V8  !8#   #0


4     !/HSA.Q+,[TTL  +
M-0  $P              @ $-* ( 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08
1    9@!F /P;  )*@(    !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance Capital Stock

      
      

 Earnings Per Share And Stock Issuance Capital Stock

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0000063754-19-000017-xbrl.zip

3@Q
3
P+GAM
M;.R]V9O;-K8O^GS.7Y&3A_MTG9 @!B*W=\Z'@4Q[=V*[74[W[OW2GRRQJMA1
MB=6D9+OV7W\7*%(3!PVE@9307SMV%0$26/BM$0L+?_J_WY[&WWV)TBQ.)O_Q

MD^EW*HT&TVCTW==X^OC=WT=1]L=W]VGR]-W?D_2/^


&H7RN&\CG++F_;VAO'M5T&3:\
M?UCW_N$P:FH=U36'!;^/AX,IH.#-\R=5CM7FM2^YJG:

MD]KFL\DT?5ET
4#X(8N&/SPD7WXL'IINK+;;F\%XW-K5-&CI#HC?_HJBT9;7
M9-/1]M= HY;7;'U%0_=T^! U$3U_5D?W=/C\N;'/\^?Z+FESE[2A2_:Y@3WG




TJ=X^ ?\]9RDN3/Z




M2N/AHE^#2IC4:8



MW$36YUJZSAI:SVH:9\/[-Z//-0






K+79Y4;/86&E1_FEZ4?M+

)^'F_9;YFE?WBA9U
M/Q%M%[47 IEVWMR@IY@VZ?RTR8FF767A(#^A!)A^3B;P8W9E;%PWO4NS\M$7
M=[F!8M?W4NO;N6VB6BO
HJ'_UM@RDG049^KF0')L9ZS70.U4X*\-V:V@A(4S

MT5$_R7Z:0X=YME84]-C?+4)7EK


[S[J^8WQ\

D/MO.M+B8.B4![!
3[-BHUMB


MB1V7#I=V08]Y-/;F(&657KW8.OI!LH

M:K


M;-


I8L9.S=/K/CX/)0Y0#QOSTV^!;

MA8]
7SZ


?V&[2H(CP78' B[!ND[!





8A

V-0*
M@(L)@$XI! 

L
M12#E-WQ%W^+I,,FFV<U9WW73MQ;XZ0^W-J/+/!59//@P&,+#_L!L2UK;AY7

M_VGWTUO%_ XXEV23A_%$PQK..@'5HZN&XXCE:J$O&




JGO=K

W@0/$JW^5IQ43N_&P'$_I:#
H:7$3R]-D3Z(W&N


(WW7R?1Z&[V.8M'

:=0VYWY:2)N1

MQJ.'Z-=D
.D7T-J7=G-6MQ$$FJLZ#]CK!Y=MDV*?@'B&0'H6K7!BF(#8OXN^
*PWG)<U)W5[2L1:\S
'6_)ER6



?C^(=#?CA1S;3#A+-N:3=J

M;WZ
OB3C+_'D8;W-;KRUWB?X]ARG\*9Y AMR$.H'KY1XJ5)IB:56
IV8F7:C




?ZB+V*V2[M01N]L^7=$]87[E<+<1

$&'OJ1&[UW*.U=/-E6OFS/6
3-
M('H?TMT


$K*^-[=%[+JI NL]T^
M!<HLV[V6[<Y8V,RRW<79SIRLI)LG*]/XRV :?XF6:_8QSOY8+TV3#8E


M

MI
&U+/QR!)65/QU7KATR)?L=
J6GN/J$63:V;&S9^#5L?.EK%6KK'%@VMFQL
MV;A/)1\.-:K#)(WBATGP;?AHG#(%[TP'PZGEZ/-R=.LR6.:VIO9!.MHRMV5N





M+7M;]NY%7M0AJ1.6O2U[6_;N?/)$=[6W&F2/X3CY:KF[S]Q=NXJWPMQ=T-T[
M

\Q?;TJI))N^O[\;]*8$BN6N
MHUM2%0S


MRVA?]]\_3Y=4650F__281M&'))Y

M/C\DL


MHG/)-=1*EKYAZ-0%'UZSE?/[))Y&H[QR6K;%_SY!+0GKTM?L$&U?DB.Y]MVK
M:'&CP8;7
'!^!R=Y!0:C-^GOR1?HG1B)OD^54GZG*301R8V-+P3[^U+38O[
M2P:,/^1'92)H-LR)9Q&^6\XGFX6RY?$LJG *28C\Y=1^E\&8YB4E=D[(KJ-


#::S=##^&&7)+!U:B;T-VJ;0VHY$MCO79*2
M=9&O.N_).LQ7P-RKX16;?WB\4)7-/NPFY@\QV^P6S35:@G;#IH.L;%GM2JXW




R\B
2U?K?Y4RL3+#
MJA
K

E&HP4/49ZA4B_'O.^^S
M.*IGOK1S+S#\&M]'B]C&[6A9MK]A,)66\+LS\23!Q-\GJWO6/\^N8=GT6@I
M2V]8ZU3(M,11E4[7'6+KG$ET(+[#UZ/[2HSM%G!O$NG\T+;&_F4D]_5CNPN


M;HMMB^TKD]MOYW+[=KW!KGAC*PE$]-0G%.TB7WZ13W(



M)/9=79=:FED

M.[QL0UF6@2\:R;H-5NMF(


;([IMU@



M











M7Y+T+AG/S!=Z(OJ


[PA8;;=
ME+2@ND[;?7: HN(R'B3.F





MY;*_NG_]I
\&HK.1RD%OD']L4GE](!7

Z/\5
M]8%4_AO'V\L^=

M ?W]-*!_&@WH_:

MB;)/+\_1VCG81:L0_(LT&L737Y.L)XY1Z:3L-N7EZ=:V.?=SPZ^FP







M+UKY@HXFR5

M(W4@ BF$ XT\KER



N@X#/:L9<-Q,
M!*YB2NP&(3#$='?YX*Y;AB+KVP.8CZ^W9<D\$+M^5SY@4;$UU( .LHA4-_U


=N$9P30FC+L!15H&4@/+.DPJ$:) 
^QZ:YJC

0-D()1_#I('Z+OQ' 8
MC:/\'--W^3=6Q[7VT?7Q?)A]!A



%ZP
?]RC!V'-U

8
:R_DFJI2R(#]RO'W/[]+5C^^

A@+)Y


M'[?
Y:#ILGVG&R9I%#]
@F_#Q\'D(5*)L42'TXV3RW6ORGX9Q!
339(O?XY&
M1A]_C





&RY-5
MS (/G6'$N(W&2H


M0\6PU-S0V+ EUT*4XD[XM*)O/-=MG

ML$XZ\(50 ?*J%IS7B3FU
A1S/
1#XBD%8HZ[BI$0UBD(0^9DJ(21CWE
I

3X7@VBH#$Y@+KY/X7F--=,AY5*47/0RE,S+8Y1]B7
M/O]%((4AK5RB' J?($<7D.JPR9]*M)ML<R%IPA7!$O@% D3#74)#J%XZ(G-
M*9

*S-VB=.'*9^#/X!N6 @7W'FA*68$
M^:Q(). 

M

#835\!?





MYD&9=H041I4T%I#+]3-L&
UKQMVV


?TP/[GS83R89&7WW*:(/IGN
M[;N_'Z
I


MP ]KG$9%3&9*A5?G_(-J;7[[Y*DD)H[D1$%P[1 *B])PP2 E:4(2YNBK&
M 2P7IHA_:I '-?8

MB._+D!6;





MK%IOA-[&
IQ5')G\H] #T0

M]P@)*]E;J

;PTP59?T&M_L.^U!F(;62%:D5?#.[FO'D 5S_#=YBQ59UVZF


AU

M[U!ACMXZ ??#H*P
0UWF5W:S/=]M-TYO9''.(H




4#U&!N\MRCN
)
M)T#


MR#'QB 2+ 4F'^EP$K&03+I2CR=9TP -F69(H^'#WMCBT]VGM.
O;Y7&6
HW6



(D3+





6\VH=T6M&WJ8^8)2@
2CV



UCXW
MS=MT11APY1%!. TQ(L1AW%0)T8IQZLJ MXW\Y+*E7=Q+CCG5 98H-#53 PHN




M98@*6 AV;^!13:_)(Y&9;J2[U&_@3+TY)0ILNB'23;-!E_,HQW*:IE(J4DA
M+1A5S9LN,DM_?X)9MJ_HD5-SRR=_O.C2?C(FYB??C
E969/6VKF(D$5 M'G
M







W](Z538@+[%.
MOJ.D8MAS3
(/UH(1600W N)0)NK7B5YBG7X=3(QI\_;I.4V^1
#PP1AV2U[@-'1P2%!9Q
DQ@JYZE(RM6F5M SELL&UX




MXC00U:L@P \[X^BWG

M

@QS]



MLCYGV6X19C4?








M*


25$BPE%?C85)\N@YA


M:%R]D^ 84]NVF\04]N!$9^'G@,6'-,EJ $864W:?M85NY+





AFE
M\3!^'N14G:;QYYSW2PI'HS!)PSC-S--1;O;
2PH?IYC.RI47ZX5UWJ=WL^?G

W
$S
MZAFY'1^,1 <3+4+M@C2OB/**R=\$M0?CR.'DKN61%OH?3<8YWG1\(X^XED;





!-BJVERMKC3A







V/B6FOJ$B'&0W&$I@!)9U6;@O*H*%HY[
?[]M407VKN-AKD&6.L .
M4NOB


DQO %X[C57)[CZA?MXM
<QRVX$C4PM2.#3T/ _
'2U!!Y2''XBNN4.L$]
YOC)T
M0N'ZBE.0(PR484!=)



M4PWG'Y
2Q\O.#AU)*'(#'(*C&A#/4UZYIF#





M \5E;C:'R3E%K4I7A
E2#1$2*E)SOLSY1'$?+
=D7@^R[*2L/NBN8S D%
M]LE\-8=@X @M Q/'\UQ3!8:8^]E]X@.O5*MMO5[V5F^E63^KH4.I720P\S%5
MX(1(B8@GI?84C+3J/1Y!UE1OF]F(=8-=R['F;GO@F&)C4NKB128BXK/;Q


(9!"=%:L$DKS7X[!Z.\QZ$H@UX1C


M5;]]MON[=*[6U-4

M'!WXDNO2I7

A@0D])D7+&-$H:
HKL2(3HZ# UTZ
&6C<L.+YG&$&QW'I'*I!*X*RUJ&2;HA!6Q;RU0^%

8T\B%09$F3._(.9I
M?@%FM4:M^_JX_:F*\& G


XT47EPT! [PYMVHX*PTTF YR_VIL 5XU-/FV@X&*H=@BIDY

O%?RSL
[Y/4

CB#VZW]E+)0@G6#LN3
E%(O2T*BNAA#ZO

M;U3U/']:.)Y?63U*5P7'@4


MKU4X?.4



MGKV/:8#NH








M35!H=E-H&H?F+EZOQS9G9$/4,)K7=+H*9ZI9)\B5+_)1JD^UO['G*HP@(
M)ZEDZ&JNE4
)%RHD&FT#5,
M!N9ADGFD4F+5CUG6%D)N92+%YU\UKHU*4-BA&IMM<3!K.;(Y%V 



V=.XR@N$$+=AS'6#.7S0K1<P!X*YE 4,4=B:4*GQ5TQQMIW

M8SE\S*W)-#$\\#-\*6YW-WEX'448_9#53V7X[DU@-YUS&4 5T?/J=E=,?H*
M_@UV^KQ,_&I@%[SKYRB=OIC:JE-X9FHH/5=WF;:M3C]-& 4@Q



MVUJ/B3!/AP[G1!C#
LK*10<^(;H7XB2'<B/B!3P!Q$42FV.
M*CAE%5_%B?*JU\R%AUZ==1OLS]\Y&E.)&:$@PH

75!6UB%04S8FGU 7R

MMTAT5^/0\WQ& _ 

O\'T5
MX**@A*=H@+UJN!




Q5W1*-\Z!C4QFQ:O*C/803_D

? S4&+;B4!0
M]9@BZ3

MM;*1)2DJ:NSHE*CAX+=S?+?4


FHC!W!M/-&VVH;!)0(%#BFD!/2GNOH
M





H*#8_


77Z
OT7I!ID6;MQ
P#[*\@;M1SW+EE;]%
M S
$ Z
PC?X]



3
M(


M8'=K\&7
Z5
*3IDJ\K*QPU!8O1





MF?P=R71GSIT]#N(Y8=K)8PKNN

WA?$3Y()IF

MY#&(

*#*@DQ=$ *:B6&\GNY9#!
M_/^!;*'_.:G7[95D9UE)!2OH

M6+39
JK3T^?A2LX5?
HEFJ- 47.-LE^DRMP1AJYDI
.[&6!?VZOIKGX4R
M-7&$AT-ICFT&7(6Z\
Y

MI8D2QEDKY2$X$)7C&YB2S8#6SI
\$F5.!\?UM


L%;G3'8J.Y75;7W_M$62(2FZ*5(3))6E^_37




BS[K]]/Y?'H.K5P('W?:;[L
M

MH_-/MBUF5KIA9)5:_XI'APJ?!?54('E9B[U3/MN]6.



;



M#G1/2)3@



MEW=T7
9^1=DN;O?@[& W'DR&
M7W(9IP?WY:(!I-I9: F&JJJ<<_1ER6A&X:;$<9 /F[Z:?)[6%_.+KMU^V


M
0BN&8
W

]KX?7^I


MVPR$;


O





3JYGK[]XV+VX8Z?8?TKXLKWS?#U]Z^?
MIX_2!SV[W$9?HKAZ (

MF+S[.)UVC^7AZ[]


# %MVA\*+MT,@=IM
MU9XP*9M ;=.7K;XM=3M3F89+;B84C':%+*VFSDG
9BVN[AMI=G1XI=:A'5C

MM)+ ZK=M&\/]K7O=40G.YU*POEJ3C!2#Z

MR=4#CW%4IIQ'E@.E*
YHK8


CE%3:6O](VY\F2NZC%X





HZ M4<.*UTR(+WN,O-LZZ&-*H?JXI-!_F!*(9LL#$ *
M#IT+63A5.K?09Q^J0@]/LA'GF^DA,DGP/'13KG)$K'\UT2+IQ/4<]F7=S


;
M
'$:2
MIZ6E^#CSDA4JRWM#FDV<]*7;DRB+W1<DCPM]







M%)D=7QG2-D Z+3H:;RMB\'C&H_%#).D7]G+)5GOL6CZ P;$L@E$A&KL'[V


M[PGG@K=X7#=^O;^B@\S51ZDSBL&A#3;%WC96]K:7V\9=2K+VQFN^%RYI]AQ3


MR(O/]PGP;\%
EC*AE\))H7U)TF

M]7_N6:1?KBZ_+&;AKI

MYN/5O.WIV
FM6A4'F5K.E-CEKFF;6FV'1'U:/RJ75Z=Q!1OAI;KEJ31[$GK=
M1JZ2WNIHV6#KC(X#V)BTDMTU%#5+:@XI_8MOYBJAV:\RED6
MCZN2HH:[B]J


M2PT(8XJ\PZO\N
%




M

M6
E *3($C.Q9RRX[J9R6]ND;9-U&IYX2=[U
Q+&N9W IUH&I=38 F!!EZ:V/

3
?VN[S:CAEMT@XN?Y]./T



^26F*7AJWZ\HP/=3?O=';]W[].Y_43DP_3E6WH_WD]O_G/










M


M)EA\+8L2P25P?-E#S?OK9$!'7Z+T#9W@FSW LL$)EB0XZK4NVU@*Z
7C6O?:
MY!6?]^:(6VPFPX^UZ(

MPV7S$=?@

Q,+&'P;)[)CP&/44Y*%L6R5N6+1)EC9^%[EJA+.
5FX?Y-[L$








M'.-WTR_\83J][
_ZV\OIKL[UX[YL)1QZHB!KS@*%%2YW-I]=\_0HWG\(L\'7
MB?

;)2
)+3YKV]%3*Y6%]


Z[/R]Y


M*


Z4H@61U+WW&CEI8U69G


ML]?:RWS6\]'.O@ZL4F0LD)!#%9Z'V_I-4*38)T(*#O

MHB_0C=Q26N@Z)/2OO\K_6(5)7=\A9'_QH7DP.XUC(^VEY*C42$+M9-=7P+$_



!_7XG%
M](9Q&HA&

YFZZ%)




!_*U





0@



ML+]KF55BRY2F5MVU

?O[R

M0\S*6$:5
+V'Z1Z]#TCCVH0J[2
M!C@RJ.Y;5F0U]2U#BW

M5 ?*!8_&8-=_+P/Q76E?'

M#ML0XAX

M:'A'=#

8 ]4^:[+IXGYHM[TCQUHG9+NG%$JP=+&9$
ML4%((9.W.J
6IK?U

MKEA!B57)T

6N4PE8+71.Z;0Y7



M/:CEOIG-%]




@W



M\<GOQ8:J$6\Y@-!!99&SUBH4CB:T(Y6*%1[L2A;MUP[8J J#M7.44@AL*<=





RGTTN
M^KZ@PVB5:+)RT5D+P62
EISMN0X70\C;]B8]\)P\E.UP4 P_&;7G XN+R4D*




AC[O$B

M#D;?


2!55?U1? E

M$XB?_K+P]?Y[(_^*#U=S_L'W33)_9_$[XJ;K_']O9P]_^Z;8((-V)(+5J:C*
' #.[Y-%36;6/24CZ-




MCY+C.B_JJ*0 QJI[VHOZKM62/0W(K;\0N]M/G^MIN/[[]?0\3B[.:A7N[/)#
MT^?0#S1:/J1BM38KMY?G_/.J*W=[_?C

4R\DDG4Q))$O26DO1[0AA




^A
J1Y:L1G[TD/
M&!EC



M7/5X]

M*6VPY&AK&6P14F)O@:06;I4+]V-_]G-]E(:L:V5*
;$R=^E

DJ8P4]Y:@DHE^[Y=@
M'/J
1\758$U)SKB85(X1!0737X+*8K/B$NPTP;C/'1CZ3+PG5\A0L3$YC11%

\LDM@6DA.$?K@+A-[[J+&R7


3JB]C[R4
MUBN05Z\=^3VX.E)E8XHA)PL??Q^@I/[0FQR^7TT_OHNC7.VYR$66RABM@;*Y
M?P(RTJTJB#X*3=\4;RTO-]_UP7U

M@U4CV(%P&
YYP7%*T%JI)#
IX4&7T

MY95E


ML=^F9_\]NZEH\

I
MWNL4K._Z.T7((C2WB/2 
4/'@L
6X[ED5MKPSB.82E@D#?8#0_FST-!U(_N[

0VQD+H'K4L2M




MGCV'[L+YAJQ[4.;B&=+O \^[T[EF



M$U#U$U
A&_6H3*H;T7&JH&RA:RP':UH@VR4
.C *VE@)#Y$;8BR^1G@@)B,
M^[9&0-E'X)L4D_=UWDM7ZV5K:-=$P6KSF(GG074[OYG,+JHL!W*:D])&6LD

=T
E_Z-+9ZD!R2
MYX





M
5* S4\*)XGG+FT/'\ED?%!:Z@B
MCC&6'5MR0=#XZ@.J3?%Z;5=E5+=@!+@\$)F[4)2:5*#%4<]8];9$QI7B;4
M2Z]V+^L1P;5%JK%8(E1LG 6?LDS2&+HO4,^E\2+A1-$:SY+H:CDLI[O:D[%
M=ES8P4D]$T1N]K\0GCR &YC.63*M4DS@N=SF.P':8^CA&A]0Q?:CF.!;]=

FJU
RDJGQDNJ*0MECH*


'3)


&+-L MI=F(J=H/CG

=R0*G:$%&/!ZSA5B*P\(& 2DK X*AD
M^Y(@5*&T];$PH*GH^+ :








4TY)&3.LV1P7CP;$//E?!2#B^Y0J-US%HYZCSP*1*
O_'?YYQJ#P_^_CUY^F7
MZ<7C6]-_S4^7GV]OKA=?@
-#'Q\F'8G_7.!9^\JJ2&OC]QF81JF:8'5 F?
MX':-@RT(K[VR2+'$K($WWE_DE1HZ]Q/%]O[1
:B:Y=E/]7KD%U6'








Z&@FU&(?(5
!90H2PB0(+2&R13E&W5UD$KWE_OCFW1

.J.C9.=

UN[09R5(D;1F(X!

N/5@

_UJ^Z

E-A372(1^V#[*5([$XZ!1JH49 45\Q9$Y=02?9


M4+]/R%!**1*4M$XH\%R8-.EG$E5+M[G#/[[L9$'T'XY\;W+HFH&I ]=I^\
M=B90J




MGGW-_SC[.+G\

/BPD/LBX.T+#8;4




A@
MC!




GK-@
MO1GZFF5K XJ6LFM TF


2
M+JC$QMKYOD WDU[2OC%@KM518K(%RQ!*'YR7[*2X4H2





M4C:L
H#W6%#D8%





TA19R^ZFR6BH7:V%+A]QD_/




^8*WC2CQR[726
3AM4]9!L5:X
MS\5 $9&:7
R X.2801OU3M5R'+Y%PI 2$)/TX#IZ4@[UDFXI&([_!-KU=TY(
MXM V^I24%[FV5_YT 8W;+@GHC HUXYD:PUCAQKJ3JA)9^N0:&2T:177\
M5^YP9HP@9

MXE+XM?L!_TX.?QVFR_;3B52P))O9)^Z&(%IO)*KEZ
M7B7Z9_:/6S)[QT1V3
MV%
^\J836@H9*0JAI==]%X1



6
Z&



M3ADYGN(0;##JZ@$ZJ]BX.[94O=G'+:!6+OIO




MR#[JHT#227DPFD-Q78)
?#EZ6DFO9%L3@YM?6'8#R5[X630'&4%'Y86U.1MC





N!97TKZ ?S+
M#GP=


MV'ITK:JDEM0S-O=/&XH$)4Q3@ Y JDKS]





ML7O8 E#5&


M%ELT;I9T#4W(Z=3/R

MT'Y$_NO5^/VG\?BN

GHW6?RK*P.5
M?K_Z-)I^'_]8Q+6X P$M\GQ3/&B*K%/@M#45#-7P5;72@I=#X;TB.9ER? U
MD3G
8X![M
M<5G[[L'I@J?FFR-$&Y77F;SKI- V<W@RP.A&C7B'2.YPS0=SH/MX4'IP')
M2RA?3X&CT-B4F3-935E-WT/M5AZ5A9\FHU_)@[C[MMM19

BU
M:!5(Z*0KZV7J
&$[LH[#2M^)1*T5$QD4Z3[I2X[
VH85E7E'VD'4?NY!O#Q4

C$9I?B<A2B


/=02R8D

$F%F*L8Y:#U7+R=?)]7AZW0%5-M2KR 6] L+9;+UG!44\


MTA
WY(

M58B*]








*:-Z





;G;37\2T9:+*




M:_KFVY+)O+^;S;\]^?N^D@/3X3I Z)2Z1@*S5U):.

=WZ*-6@/NY$]
EE
MT*_!.O*8E 3A42N&


MZ:2=S: 9(_;11\U+57C3FI2+YGA(O2FDSTRG&%1PVM-)T_\0C55 KD@76BZ]
M:\#


9:Y#9

GGPB3N@;R\SZ9'2[
MZZ5)SG


ME]GT^N&V_7H[;MJBVXI002#\7+[R\'[U[#3?N#LL


G
;




MA6GAHRC(Y:SKQK[:X\KVLOF 


M1Z



E;#:9NJ4VHG H_)

YM_^08YZBTP_OAX:Z0Q0.EL-1;E&




YIBFY(CR_MM\MEB\

M6CV+L%5$S

5SA2

M1A;K


MB] J=W2VCAK=
6+&3O$\D\POP*#$90
(9\B$RK$$[:YU1@Q'7SV2?
MRT.4*


D
Y9Y=/RY.\7D^EXL< K8GRQ[*1;]9_0[?K7Y.[.CZ?TW\5XOLBS
MV75IEUG0IRINF0E<.6$C0B#.K05&.


6

_3)XD42;\-[N4SI5 O<V2A<:9Q53#0OA/ Q^LJ]IS*@ PO6?SB7.(G2UEB
MB$#6G5G.R^O4N%.\G$9E\KE8GY.YP%





MCD:HP^74^Z
6+4'^6^&.GLEEETII6/DT^=+]NC8?7/OI#UWLJT7(F[7BX8-#


ML ET]99*Y16@7',
M85IP+N 9^_KIN!7?-V+ZJ7G 
('4


6H72I/7D5VI\^-/L6
MN&








MI[OF(-
M13+)Z:28@V(=VXB!#B9\/I5<!4




M'#T!SDV2(3

M


:Q4I2DL2

N0
M-X-6F))05=PHK5Q/

I_@JMCG?%PW:8G=_4E9D#J%M386

_.QO//D^D2-O4UL3RGRX+3

M#P11;::9


M/18J.E

6%



MOIZV^Z0:((3=4\X2M2T3&IXNJ/!!M!8(6)995&][
\7XE-Q^F@YD8$ =8E8H

MD'&.Q
F76E;%2Y8#P%FXSA&: PU(2;X'-=N!!=!F.0K


MY*6_$X7F;;TI&(Y]V
\GY;I$7].[V7P?+4Y11(H A!0J^%(GLD*WYTF
5J9?




M0;LIR3$_'TVO?QE]'@_EQ6PD&TCG3)Y*5#8R+=OX0SL;ZBH/.;\5R

M5(= 0.PD*L
Y16D.R1/-CGD'NH7$(E$EK)MS-?W#\XGJ

TY
/(?



MF8ME_U33-SY 5;"42KR&D3/)!]=Z*MJ7%A127Y)@7UE.+'%.Q$W%#W ,4(
M2*^-5();4?9_Q]6,EDBV$JA3=2?)_L0-^?$)?=:@;  0F'((MNG8M[8$-35^
M48?K.$A=29SMXUB5:&+9;DDB \]CT-F/KW+=92A*FB3-0IV(FZPMD&1'TA#




3$6E+'

MT[480^E;?%EZ?UI9)1%36?&DC8G*Z@B\J8#([+1UE;-P8EDM+G!WV1Z6UR.F
M$+DD3\R1!7;1J];R



9XB
MQWJ8F'7







X;NN=WHVEI1NAAZ_OLX:?9

MU^0QQ

E
M22^
+:@E1%-I1Z0_BK:W1@A611X40
&Z

MV9/
*7Q+-AJRX6!*CT\;7Z!!62^$*FL5UXW7$$F'D=\GY\S)38_H2DR
2EE(

UY.+5P^\]7LGSR/C$[0V:O#0T

J!OLJ8R

BF2P_N/]XL[P83HD*%]W%W!
M-92:( 

MUV!L&5AHF4$MZ^7ICJVWPVW#3*L]1=*3914AC\==5[UCM^2Q6*7W*-J2BS;&
M!H'&0CMT'DE%5=487

2T0-LF@\-MUP*G1D3BH(

.$DPSD 6V()/F-5VT9*V@AL,54'6K[R?!OI*?E<%+IVRD=XXE^F7-JG%

Q7H@B)MJ9=M%2/!L9M/F9#13R&P*D$/!?D:28&*<]ZQMEJ?;  'YX=
Q[!OSN

IBY$HM2')!)0@

MRZI7TP)]

M7_)A@



& *#Q3BJ=D

C)+5JQ=\&!S8)77





MX


ML5


;NDN4_1

ZXYOR
M77XDKBV

0W$&J





%

CTJ
7AG
*5FX?FCLOJJIY3:\D
M9.:E'!BMB(RY%#)RZ]MU=K%L17RND'F;]JV+#)EY8E[Q3-?9
1^

:)CI3


M!T=5M]J;TOR]/O5I]'T8[4ZY5'%JPQC!;*S43I)UUZVD(+..7A+__VEHN?


:QDM2SYH4R9BC?

:


Q-:!^( S)7B%FP^@R\8+ZT*X$D:1I%5/D--AU+_KY
MN1K0/W)HZ $&Y[)0

MCN( [C
*=+PY*JXSJS

M?1RFN4F,C&*RBK*7#6/NS]AHH^P0'Y6#O3KD@OM
NZ2=E)[[GJ@)BKRPG[
M4R;[*(/DN
%H!#E-25$

MS2BBC!XISJLH


F5RJ??4[(H]W TY_P2/D@O6:E1$N %-D]ML%
MU

$AOW0WK64:KHO6C;
!%D]-4$&(= +_J?X'/QN!S* ,9=)^TM8P'@SJ:* M6(6R$N'DLOH-

M/Z(/W$RN1N5O.RL




C^;7BW]\N:;3+&:/F2$-%.19EKYA8MR(X$(KZ*&(+B0

MI(^\W7:6L







A
M..(9)'&TQP!9CN2$YHSHC(0@(S8)J8)T:JJKK6N4_+.PM]MC(+
HK5%16;#
M(2.M;MO=LA&\1@*Q53?

M3NE@ZNZ]S2'




M

#MS$Z75Y59]-R\9EIWUF5
MZ^4^M7]PJB









WPQNM6VQ.P<2XQ'7$]U+%J




M S1



M#*-S5ZN3%DET+%??Q;L\ M/_F
['H]O)_XROVWOQ)
N(\\EB





M
3GFR#U
K6'TML;W^.

M]VV@.V)(RQ2XH7#$\U1F2KA@+8:TYY[7^0]ZG[LX[21E7X)[=V)@ !%Y##R@

X\NY2P98$SZ8?/XSGG^/XUQT%RQ1ICX_TRW4&G='HMH\O




NHC+1ZS(
%I54




/)@4:/]

MJONS^R4YR:D
E2TPEY6+R+

MZ'IA]


M\NY:^

+@NCZBWIKWAW2_%)SF6H5U%!










MGS_/IN_O9E?_VCEQY**%@OHIE$!I(03EFUU+C/Q

_R


MTI6AZ2Z@XR]J1WQ5;D_.; Z6(J
%QITH6&6FT JO?*;-+W8](\Y+N#2QPQ
M





6GP(K$HH+1
ZY\$* 1! 5NK9\

G/


H93YYZ3AFJ

02\M[6+1%5X_QI#-%@I%C
M+ K8+A\3 NNE=IM?A9J8+J*7.='Q]8?9A]'O_SFY^_1I=GM-0J:@^/VGT7SL


MDLEA4:]

B1)0A^WOT5
$W7K
I
B?+[D*;;
MS
]J[59).4JIVOI3&Q(


L! $BEQY
M36@5


M$(U*C5\$26

M


Q68F\&7

M:2+MH6^_3!
M.LJH\SAHBT ]R6K\
P(EK!H6&FW
73M'H-R? M1)5A^*3^7KMO$]T5):$U1

MNI-'VM




P0!E
ZPQ.)@HAFJ(BDZU
M;(TTC$WG#NN7L[+PI_H8-O

MT$_7;2T L]QAD1(XH@+7U;LZKN]L*@YKBK?&#/B7[_L\H5@53CP#B!P;%7UJ



EDD=*
M!ARED



2I]Y*$Z[/&8 \9.L;^6



1ADJE*S
;&_0&K
M)44V0G\;E[-]T9M[
M]3TGEX1KP4-D- 3K-
$:-%



M_BV88.DLDG&K
&7:
PK0KR0I\#5NUE






+-EH\;3K!M;3V4_%

ML=OX#OOU_CPJ1;S^WNO?#$;%Y.O]!7!QBE'
9\7DP_AZ]J4WN6]R]Q _ G.'


!V6%8@
.4DHP\;R-


=B.YI

&$T^
M52LMN X#_S5






M5O



(4**1[;0W+%YD!#@.;G)J*
D52 5JJ3&\[DK.M&G(:)X
M(V7E M_B1$@L.'
IND8%'PA$





_QE
CCKH

CCUR 4+$@2+5)TB




T:7 G,!/SPB)G8L, ?T=((]'I' !Z-M*)4F)PZM:2:F93
M[HQ8 -0$IYU<XZ#6UO\I 7I*Z82Y#=)C9JE%QCDEO 1Q+HAU1ABZ+@Y\,FAM
M*UW@%!8'5I(CX,A&G@I JVBDP5HT=\*:U1?'WLQ9R<ATN!F3Q%XGP1QFGI0


8L]5%
YP&D@PB*CJG!Y;2LB:
MK@QM0=5

M.149X/4;4

M- H




MYA0ZRL?#;PWLM*DNL:?
L

M

(2W'(PGA@1H QU2!UO
M*H:(Q'[+N;ZAH33F43Y7
5-WM<BH/@J]^)-'XG 2J1)SRUJ]$5;R9QH0_KG):XDW6


MX\M4GQ=&'#19OWMHD*TS@\^:K 74











K@O=19DWSSA/(U.2I.&+
(H*:NO$Z$'22AWCBF<.L9Q0[U1HPKSTNKZ#8?FDC611F59YA/;E(N)L4Q






MP_/8]Y';D45NU6V)5ZVV.8G$_L[#R@^32_4PM


 9VD! A&DHME^9^2(P;MV


+ZXMDM1J;E.3]&AXD'67;629


0;JK

MJ92.R'4P?=Z4^DN Z4OGVV^ :4BC:K#@2HF((PA3QVMU'U$(:ZO@+A2FARHU
MV-G$DLH80H2C1! ;*$$\U/FO/#Z1FXYEEQ\
V.!.IT



5%9+K@





MPKMDEY[&YXN6)^
\)Y%@-C)A1#I
MDAY) /!==&MH()LM*ZT[NI=6B:T!YFS





9 %=]'6 %A&W0ZH







MZ-M W.X1*$LX(
T%3[1T4E%0A*2*0 DF]!/C$&7&W4E#4$H;BK'C.E+N*#'4
MT*HXPD@1V


MJ'%:82N]BL[4A6W@.ZE&7P.%EGIQUD*]L!MJ=0:P8LGCJCW [2E0


WQJF/%^
MSO&-E0QE; BWV!.




M#

MD6W
A6L,!FTT) WVBS0ZRJO6551*$+MKT^LQ7YNU6 'AA<!I
M:5\F&

#WFMUO75Q.LG5NR\+7GN
M.-=.



MZTDG5P?GW.\+M;





H<SG1RH _97P(%/[/L=)<2P.6*-[7Z=S


MP;3 '@E76W0@0
FSYIL=#1:/@TWG2%R8




M[!!G5*4DX=^$R :]$+R?
F@7-
UV]X]2&E*



&2'7!F7VA

9I/!
MQ_DL%:#].@8K.@%H


7X=EM#PV P


-$4@4FRM\_]*(;F77M'P)FLBAY
'J.I









M;5LBN4\57:!]6+3&

BGZXT^CU._AU]X?

MH5++;:L)

2G#K)'P')
J)L;B99R4?Z_3]5UI/


/58^?
MV6!S8OWFJ&Z




MTGC.2@^VX:?L@

MP: 8&Y;I

M3$ BMF &6ZP5$C(=
XK4YP8QZRH#R%M*&P801L\79;LL_!B@V$+[C'AD.5
E88UI/US7?YC

#-@[3H(U8 BM/2/-6 
(+Y(-





RZWAMEU7^/3NIF7ESK28?ZFU;''0]'P#D
MRU!$B8B4U)3I4'3=*3C&A*0D
S
MOXVGVXX(9? 4R=3=30A+@(3OPT.:4(T;CJ1ZK!HN ##-RW^^?DR.V^!DA?%(

M


M0(%?









O&F$!HQHV0E)S

:^1LG98_3F^X

86$U/.E*B;)Z8


]H-A:IVQF%SS\WPVG?5&J?^(
MN?KG?%K.%=[9X*+*XU0?F?P:':B1GM9QD:!E6#=\M


PZYY BFBLNP66UI#XUC4Y)M&Z[





.S\57SJ_C&][HQ_*WZ:#_RZ^Q^AN]L
W__/3[(='
MMP\'H^+=3;GA[\$0_]

!KWAX[OZX^%X


7<!3&W#8

C:^[N3



DK?K:RB

M)2Q2-XVK53C5^NL+7-&&EL)
MBHPCZ:E
):MJM=C:BF
2%=G+96UU-&TU).&

T



M@0IZC7]8D0Y).B^S_O+?U:.7OYJ4(B-]4[V^NN?1N[=N?DE8/6;N!RFA]E$5

MV]]63M#TS_N0



!IOO^SCI
M](=%;_*OWZ2(Y#=_N=]GYI/
)YE/
I]D/GD))!9FG2*8M$8MKYY=LEV[GI86

.]]K RX#+CS


;^59/C)]
M5/1!:::/;$Z\V)SX<26S[7SMBH_9KGBF7#=9N9OE@N9/BKZ(**[R[EUIH^W

M'T_N4M5;T?DX'EV=CV/5SX[5L_#)1([79O+83!XLNU69/#8?]V3JR#;%BVV*
.4TR4TD6(MF8.*.3W[]<0*2BR$;&
M\WP-V659/F3RR.21R2/;H-G(.*V1,9U/TGR3LNO=I-=?4WY^*GOB.ML3S\(A
MSK'+3!U97V0JR3(D6Q,G3LK9\]V9E_OBK(QX&#TN5@
ELJ993E!*@/NE0'N

M5^=D ^+%!L1/O=D\C;F:%-/Q?-(_GRK?!ROQVYML3SQ/89 L$C)YY.ALII(L
M1

WYF_#^+D:-'BT4OF[PL+





1D^<:9H=;QG5O,#G]*M8G\V;RVA^B?RL^%\,'#V7#I
9N#L]]F5CWO$
MGU^_?G&]Z4VG-P*Z2Q]2Y@U(@S9#R:V&BL\!8NU%@U\0[3V+@[IHH/#XA5%
M9#.;9#;);)+9)+-);@CUBLM93U2QNA23JA/(IT5_#I ?G$\;P6\_YE2^9^$3






M


GPR?HQ=GGD@P50=_F





A<];8AKT5XVY#:(O8FA0IDI,U.^-$-9B?8.4S-39J;,3-ESBE&






E)DISRJ7+;-D9LG

M#HO^;/#YOLWN;#*?5NT6.[.;WJQS.X:_^\/QM!BF7WO]W^'[HO.AC2E_[_O
MI CR'^7SQO#3I'X4?#WH%]/NBYDL
].Y
]/'-\A
@W79S0O&^3*8W70^]R9?

$3_#3+$@O;[X]%T



U_)?)

M.I*V!V(B\_6KY^M_OF*^WJ0C;QY&;*]JRNDL!3

M&8SGT\Z_QU]^[
3Y(KQ>ABP22S9D KSW4P&:LC
%6Z??5]@3
MGE5
AE\7*ZCE3[?SMZ1RRPM!GOPQF


IWYN\YGX*XY










@ X):(X*
ZSQ%]ZQH6ZHN
ZJ_.0Q;?V!AESGXS
MGVZ+ =ZLGNT?-







9?$J6++=;G.9*5\/4YYM.[M
9:^(

E%HP?QV\GIWU]7OW17G_&D]&.
'3RI6+^9=./-@X/




EQN%_'
S 3'ID+
MAZ&PRZ\T.!

O/DRQ5H3LT]



M9W![UQM
RHA^???XNM


2@3KWJI

MIJF
V


M&'K/9]
Y4?XM)\ICGC/E
\]DGMD%&KKU=(S7S3)G'*0X!^:*P][G\21M;YZ:
M2$WW

97B^MY(*27%!R#J#.!26Y
MH.2B!&=.7C\E%[\*9LT%)9DG





M+NKOO5'OTZ(IE1O?W@YFLZ+XKESJ9# MRN&LZ;)I

MS;'XKO-^4DP'*4.\7*.[&137G?!'T9^GC7=^OH8=%I-NY[=4_7 'U\*5Y0[*
MHC1UP4L8)%WX_3^!38ZWWXF
'.AE^7WGM5 






7SQ]A=

#=UC

R\7(]5
L1H5RHZ)Z\
MBA' IMQ.]=QR-;_



MU*O.ZLA3?7+UR!DQ6^:I-UQ%DEGGS;-.GNKS)@NOVB*?/-7G:)R:I_KDLIIS

M7CR9B[!.481UM(5=4&INGNIS[W/FJ3[[R:$\U2=/]7GQX_)4GZ-.];G04M;V

M

FTDF?PG(51D






$!L)
[X.U1


6S:7-PCCTKR_6K;[2XK]

KVG5K2LO.S@U/;GD]+_G_VOK2Y;2-;]//
MK^AR3=Z5JRB&X$YGJ9*U9%0WMA-;N:E\; )-$6






#2XV']J*0
\+'DB(WZO3





[P%9]C ATB1N(T3 X

:YDL7;C$]N%O@_K(ZOHGY??1\Y  S@2S 96(R47I;C-*KSI\EI%::G0I8




M8OOK41+UGXGDXF'154)2&_4(16/V&:-C43FXTO+?!I?7G98*0=9I^ 3U^Z







MCNZR.AT:C7K'0Z.J8$O./+\
+'\=O
.##/2C4UQ-3*U#96'1==+!D


9OOI IFTE'(_*BDA?UM5#A0*/E47?)7'O)
<<L)UD.:O2(N9L9FRL^<I/;4U4;S+KECWV\U^



MHT][KKUV7!ZT[^@KFJ@*=M=:B/[JX:J%/Y-3@V-QNH]Z5I






K






MR3JG=5_M-Q*84DAKFD+:ZM*0 &TNHMJ[@





MWN.M.\&T3W3LWN'[[@ X[QW/_/KS/__Q8^'[[Z84V%%CO@T^3_N1/)N/WW

//<=2C_E@7G[Z_.'V\G\S.<[X?_'+C]]^.WBXU\-=OL1KOKM


8NV04L
J]W\CK(




$A/A^_'4



M4'


MB8:(ABI.0V?&$8O::^&1(+HBNJ(F10=Z:+X/

-1TC(;R
MQT?UTK'G6.JA7_[X[;=?KS]<?[R[^)7=W'Z\^'AYY^^W%W<R6_9U<7=Q8L8





3VB7$9][V?5QUW



ML)?7/!I*'*?$\;P 5'2R&K9&QR.KJE!/G3/'L7=X$
JD5!D+]F2)\/ZEP90X




SKB8.NJ8 L%AD@7 X+O/(!X7YW2 %A@B7A=[*0E:#=O=X9%45ZJ&

[!2'6


$[L.AJ


URUX3GW[H3+'S ;Z_LP'2\(/+%'6#H




M


)KN#
ZG
MDC/901!Q%] ,STXWEO6;G9Y.2$@#*,E E7.8%-!B'(3U('S!R]$2)P%0L#?





($T0RD*CXKWDK@.9%::2#NY2N;[$)N@X6P!&2$




#6?0#A[/GV3B5IU0R#]JF3/<GG+7'E-Q_-Y1 LZ[F#
M'@]I\(#/D?K)@]*JD8;WLY07U8[B:9JBZ9?P*Q^!


2J$DB


Z

M.H0;#\M

L*6NRYWY-V9Y$3HFDS$X6K-0GNN2*]]4!-CJ2U%Y
M#:Z'Y+#D 4;=O12QEZH^A6)O:!X!XPKEU:KO0#[

M39VF/+^8'&PMTHQQ



\/$.16O!9
\];WL.KC%MB




:#


'&#*Z@%V\'49JA(4DRB
X!06]75PQH+/

MW8@+(

GO-


MX!6XD-J3





M9CQ[!%N4L
=X /?CJ_'496F\Y
_8C#2A+_A15$4B]*0D:)JK=F#K'(OYG]


MK%^JF+CLF8@*YQ.J[*@B\/DJ.2BZ2MEA\.0*

M5&H9K

*&EW0KS:7I0JISVJ9M+TUL7=


M'@D)E=G


M@4O]#D

6LT.\=*Z\])VI]DF7DJ\-'/3


/=Q3QAL




+





M+(YQ7;IFWI:RUK0AU7SN@!*

&4^U@BGF&C




^6'#=F8





JFH:UW2%7X1/%80N&D)A%_%8B_
MT^R11XF4A!V4A#B;C/3KID&M7DALDK&IQ$B7BLR?%R.U+L0*Q



FXA=5E)$

MC^]6SU/=N2X6$'HYKGXB*OKDLB]B'JH#:JL3&LJ!6O/(!_)()MGZ8L9M6;&U






V^?5_
M@O5!SH&X5ST6%CV!,OZO=%:T7(.\5W8,$* -*Q1QH]WX^XSZITI?J3]8)9F


KD)4%

:N/^Y]@@9L*6$H; ZP0W^Q -FJ0
M^XH?P.; @28@:KU%JY $/R7#75^  D)&H
BC$#ZPCW !RWO?


[4UP
WR=90MR/

HX7@&5]

M;J[0F?%[]Z^[JS?


I&8\D
&B@5@



VM';'LA%?$K/B,R]26J&\35X'8@GSAM BA+6.,3(%IC *!$N:
M@X<)^!05\+^U7!A4]N(JTDQ_++9Q8/U)0@#;+G]C0Z6][#MO84/X1I(RSJ)


MQ-*B54*7W'\#\\A@H4WV;^\1W;B2Q

M;Z7^^1$6L(N

:-F)D
Z





5EF6S

J*

M=U7.NM;L]3?T%



9AJW?








@[WTO^W!0LHA$5@A
MI1#86#0;C\BDP/%L@D]]X%-[^Y)_BYN:$D:17;FW5DSSGTG4%XFP2D4_+7VQ



M^P;910;1_!GX OA^P&G*YXG]UFY]EWE*;QZJ





_N@*3Q*D=C

OFO@VGA#C-

2ICMQ(N&:HL'&
M48CDDZR[P;B?;A

V$^'4@P5=P#4^HH[SU)P*9X:]P(

M@1H#P&P']#;X&+*/0#*S



M?F/W;*:15!RZ\(P]?SP'(YEQFML!Y8_RZ] @I(V*\ 6C]PU_6IX4&.R-.1


M\











R/?!\V:



G?&Y9Q9\]$






4)BA-LPPBXQPA

M#?2DC'D SX5SZIS/8&U3]NOM^T^?V=R) @T@



M5J[D 6AIWR719N!/#C #\2[YL

M.BIM-8S^
*]BVUK8]06OJ#DYU'0N[OGXQZV+J0 NQLH\ESW:X91A$)R;?T=V
M8


M#M/#5E1&R2

'0RG
V@U=?)173#_EYSAIG%A#8!:


C=W?Q4J-I')+@O
+O=*]-S]*6

D[EAX$Z*\;/T




N(^ MYE^*Z?#YW;%

X






SIO;0G#210KAL^$
@%J()DQHP!_D6)9

*$%-JUXKM
6\3(9!G.3QM2##V;0N
$ND0
;T9F#_H+@=3;(R&HY3-NR4N2$0$2TMZ

M73;F[E=E


M-P*







%&U]#=/J2Q34CE /Z52K'6%;7U]H
MZD5(O0AS7-SS
8Z+PN8 QCF8%KN/N
_=$!.5LJ7\FD+I+;TQ+I7A(?R9:C_@

E5R$TW0U=M)?

#/)MU15




M35K*D?*%TI0!J4;)'^.!\&//L=1#;VX_7GR\O+WXE=U^_'+W^8\/UQ_OONPM
MF_

:ED4]5
IFH]

M$3-]0

M23+T=
)MK 5T(LG%

P:TH/\;[RQCOZ0QWB8=I\#Y42GDK/7/4B1.98:0H+.Y]

MR4AD6/3(4[-_%Y6N+R]T_*18@



WY:5(X!V.05?TA.;0VM^?JYP\$N'K+V
M:_9^F0D=2/.5L)4DL6_)1T *TCF7DN)A\HRR@.L9

=V.C1
MPV+?, 8YENO+1ROCDLC]E@*UM0X@??JFYOLEU5XR
8N&::')5LO(H(D@T:6

R D4 YX;EPF*VUT+$EQGJ2S



M^8[U*$?PI5WZ5 -R:P], FGMI -?=!$0SMQ9G_#/:8;D&WI5)EBLI5\MZD
M=4(VKKL!4



M_N8[.18#*]REVP\93I!$
Y47=&

-TAF-26S&(.ID)UFE#FS\%WC%VBH^%AF
MS\


Y1X8PQ

M3RMZI=*O0/2=5XWI6=K?;A\4'1Q88WIB%


.&AEY((Y%'(N(B3A608%\ 




T-R0LNO
T-QMN!UA5

@'7 4_.5@;;F*R3 MQ7@
MM93#!!VB+
(=@LY1H9-+:Y/2D6-!.YB4O?*P$(U*R@[$XO4CJ0YYGZ#M2)4R
M
:A6_RCG>U38%:DDO^RP/&&O$&(SQ&:*3!K$9@K!9D[H=BZ_I=S'X\J,6%J
MUY%;6*Z8\
(%9 V%TH[&[K

MH7(LNG!-$$I%@H-1LT\D2/QZ*V3I$KL^?7^ZM@K1VU#4#JP%;9PM'[YX:?
MO2(0Z-'*0,OBD\O/8%F'254D(#%N8MS$N(EQGY1Q#YIMXMM[6R[?AWSLB$W7
M'VUA&: YMBO.IT(R)*/=^FX)0U$N5W!N(HVB[ONIH)-/
?Q'N$%3((A8)8=

4Z$$;S;WQ52X@;H$_A;L



M]

@V8_BD7WV9MQ=7?FC;853^ A[










M=!BVC?8NUN1^
*E*%#



-:45M9B.K






8N0/SZJEXX]QXH3-;GML__C3B3PQ&]LE[LF/(K=+E!E[UWI



M'Q_19OG/L(0D6.?VD+]ZN&KASYCM/H@@?-T31^UZ=
19RIX?8;1U1FSKGEI

C


MA3_O86](YTT:U^*FQ1S&()/Q^W*.Y;XAF].&2SU8%8Z




M?&*!

$
M4H(#WQJ$
<AYTBLF$!\-F5^NZ0AW+



M@

 !VP#GP/A$!Z-HN-(/3EJ8


\



MWESX\-Q


M+U




85@H5V3%/.B4MH#+%N=^A
MATZ]+9SZ8KT+W!Z\



M9.QB=3!0QGC4H Q).';T!A@U,5Q0S, 3H%^ .W'0E;5 FD02N'021W+^

.HAE8\G!%(#?U53PQ5#F#E/
  4P]2V+S

M&17VBD,BBE =.=U,GL?<Z<9G!HXA[4W29 8J[2 
QQT2GD!P3Z*
?@7V)

\QO




7H$


T]OK?;


T[2%+2U@A2UL$
MW=%*



7B


7^(U*UK/!!UAB?HSIE@5?E\/_I
NG8NDS#PL.G)1V#XN?0<=PB)[:%!B 8TEV@?_?1*2<ET

M9
B6M?W4H!@
02/F_8I+HJWA!@49A=

M1:3*;*^9

MX#Q+7$.;.SJ$C%J43Y.I\'WV+=91^'ZMVOE8!&G[ 4Y1^'&IZ C-1A2H
&8E
MJ%G$%^EP8-_JD%05

SK



M.
/A[*LBM:6Z,!/R:%$B'$U!


M)%4&E!2915*DV=62%=D:G);7=^+MIV8EGG;[J1FA)#H27=$;7X=
VJP6%BX2
HCQU#J7
MW7[L8/_']?=X6A$.

1V&KX:M+<H!6P:0M#


MC7$?C359LD)ANS

O
?$QK0)LI[S15\BY!I.;_5?L
T-*GN@P

M
_:=CM'

Y4+I'*U1@VCV\H+1V1TRF]T



MC;!23\NB-5V_+FBAN@ [MWD5)W*.T]IUD59O6MO

MJ7I9=#7L=8V.OCQW4L3\%;$0
&KE9\T)*[ECI9RVN2RZT^T8K=Q

&E/Z2TM
A_L5\=K:P/)]C

BGQX4NC
F+=

DC&7/O.%P_&7YSF#9L)6^0(EP27C



RX6S2Q&EEWZ1I
MY6MEW322;59=T\B%HW$^*.;;?PNK$N2BO9:Q(1&=]*D ^D36EM!!UI:L;6WU


PLI5-7
;4
C


M0H^










M-K2!@




M^S\/MV^8M.$+;H5OFS?-=N/FNFOVKKH?S-95HW]WTV\-;LQ6WS1;-^TW_W@Q
;N543LVZ^NKFZIN_X)/<!BPMX(:^1./)?=JS*Z8_XDVAR'/;DA?!J
MIJQ(P



Y)XIQI.P(BK8V@&6H=F
[H$AUY8#H\%BC6-


!(EQ

!DDF4%&0E0L04-$O U_#_@#=5ESO=&6B7AWY






16I)^


M:]@9
]+B9#!



M&#
^3ZX6Q1S)A]*)SZT'T? /S$,/38$;
GE#&;Q.)55#HQXX$_%W/
=: .
MW*LCZ70Z

MEFLSV8JHC@'
:!MBI_DKD(+H]Q'_$5CHV]L?A5/PEG*]IE*!+N@
MB$V


0_Q)^1A
A)


)JD+



%YOZV% KKXF$#D('H8.B
M/?+FNKWY!\\7\%&&?/M6;




[.[2@K2V&16I2675A';W2%U(


KV=4W@]M)55$'5FQ22E+*4T.*0=MHD5*24I)2
M%D@I6TUC[_QT4LKL%\U*O6:6=9F(.F9BDWQ(/I3)?Z1!*F0)AR((IG;9H$W:


MX!E

N

MQV5=9V$B;=L1.X=):^'8_4?K]:!.
UTV!C?GD&VU1'BV@X:S4D1IJ=GJ^@

M=V$[J*CFZ91.(VRQ3!D%]*UG C;F9P+MG4@^Y[[E&+N;O.#&A=SSO?88)+

T
MFR9TT



M!;.2W6]=.$D;I^ZHL 


'-=
M@0ZWMRE 8N_/@_12G
)Q9C;EG_C#S
!(TM)[N(7&[_$07PU4]P)0
'*Y_F
MYA6).7UPO&#'4*ZQ@0O0PJ669(R3PP]235+-PJEF
S/5C&-?YH$W]]''NR]4
M4KE]#K[;6^HPZB%Z_T6(

MF8<^U#9\&NN9!BS'*Y^)AV]LMOU7KT\N.H0/R<BT8M5H67
M7_%4%[S1\N]%A97E5ZW&Y?+#(23NNAG(]2.MF$E
9Z
FSUW Q5'N(_ZBL=$W
0Q*#KM'-7!A52; D/2$](3TA/2$]V2J)Q19T
M4QM:*J\N%-5NNNFC&T0^GD!01P9\;AT4S]:

M2/^(!9&L
UEG0@G9D-+Y;CV)AHUC?7OR?G6F*R



ML*JH-J$KCSB*4$8H(QM6C/!DGZJW66=A%2$VR3#1:EV@-)'*K(IKT2=:ILXC




MAA.I)*ED\6)(4DU235)-\I9%4\F]6/=S:UA*:&N4_FGXJK6Z0\7X$E/+NQ[&
M@B&I
5

M!= IS_JF;AIZ\!_QW1IS]Q&O\GP62.@E]UDXFPK&%7VDP3;T#&\-V([CS:F^









EL!X$?





9*N#
5;1SZIA?X7BX@':(OV&?A6!UWXR%I?
M/NNN&*74B:PMT]1(_W=&M)P_AS57_2
5*Q(-0K]M##(7!ND)D7\4O6MYL P
M=76:T$WH+A2ZNQK)RJL[CI/TSZZ]HZ)6B;DJADOD9:+-9
$EX/@2#XD']V&
MOU]FRS_/^#P&3+L(CK1:J?
R'+Y)#E#&_K<%DB8D EG;%$<ZHD9FI?==I=






M-/*M

M'PK6'4I)HJZCMH4J!0
B4*)@;
--'UW+%Q!UJ7!LD;LW\KT)X]:?D0SDT7M4
M]7RQ$Q(H1BAY-PH*148S,ONH$?\E;49[T%S0.N[%'2E,C \7\!#F17YOGM


\N]1T
M-FX[F]?GR&=/W(DWG7#] @FZ5
J/+VSF(M=D3*@&/WV]9A\\SPZ02BYR0L6[

6$:LFY=M7H


MH^#M(^?3=[\DS[UR[27SZI42W:T
+





/ZN]7=8_X$O56-9%$@1I'#
ML*TP!
A:&1





MVN63Q





M\=/-Y]_NV

M;0+:2O4F

M(!48BL%_75RA'I+X04+=4ZA[G]NL\[G@CZEP-A

M!U

=
+.K!D6::&ID#:A #59




M]%7$JDKD5]G!OF@.]*V&5%_I:^U;*4OF]?FVOKJ]M/575GO:H)V_VHSU15-?






]P0)^I)ZXD^J'E+_SKO9ER$)EW3-%5(*IS?E.P3.^QK4JWTQK-5P2AS



N::H-J
M5Z#*\X8KW5/U3;%H*8SD(\Q??6C\+'6!J@3$OZM:.7$UH&4S^0B$OT1ZRU1-



$&/$K






P


MQ

MHE49ZSH[T97LWYA+

B1FEG
M







BT6@#
C*


) G?)R)!]*



R'F3(?I*86N




MSJU!-QE.
IQFDSC
R'F4\[X=^9X0;PQ;/GEB&SN._/1I[_S'V;0M'M04@O
MA[I355&RREK43D




M[?M62'T2(;


5NS1#O-B
6G

DW.(OK4EYAXX]




M0%]Y'_0.1L]]!!Q


(QIA!OK34K
$)8E0P./EP'BWX)G23?6A7G?$QFA
MHN X'3O0JW:8_7LLP3B-!$S$X











M6EKU-HVZRYA-=Z

M*NB4__=%&/EN



MZFSRWN$


M5$4#Z/
W94'0PL3VY'43
?_[;S]'P=M'SJ?O/BH\@0F_E4%BDQ[ MET[GO7M


5LW@ZN;3O?-/UZ +PV;'1S8FQ8A


.9@NW$--5:O!:Y FZ9H]EV%








M :^P0!?5QTQ]L'5RRIVE6]EA]61R!3(ZYC
B'3U\7@LZ9.FRWZP;SY](ZQNS

'
*3;BWRQY#73PU'=Z^JB
M+'O%=7E3


0?F=7$O&0PH

M#_%'DA$E_LCZC3;Q1Y[L
HD_

MS(8_\G16F8T$

/@5@:6XP61+P[A


M/_3NMR^_?O[/W1V[OOMT]^'C [OZ=

1T74L7\;MP;BD7' @7F\.7(
M\Z&A+@.(Q
1=!OOH



M)


']X[').#AD+:!1?IXLAHU@4H[C=5M36)'8UF$3\
)YN.\D4D2DJCBGZ/]R-N#]C+6W!

14V@OS1.H 9JN:X_[-GZX!6MAA9X?'&FX
M[J/IU%$VD#OL[KNP(F5.OBX7C]DQ2'48D0:[^_OOGY9?#3?[QU3+;J:S)*-
MY3M?GVOBQE?F(%-]F:Y(CE?&G3Y!-GM%[WR1B
P/WYPN:== RN(+])GRM)B
M

KFQF[VU;BXV.9:SIPS[
MVAT8@V+5J(K;U3/Z6DM^K10;0E,<I/ =UUF(54'5XV@J&\M'HPO(< 4;[$R


5NJPP6\1W-/ [QXGE:
M9- IH+*T]
;.:579-@*(OFU#D(!NZ6X&:8U3$[&)YX?RKWC)!%Z5E=(U]=H0
X-X3JS+.'94UXD/D0DRT249KO1Y@:


M52'DJJRMR  

6?_

MKJSV^?$0/'WC!O$!3#PQ$9^S%6K9
Y70_B+CG?+;L\AO-UM:$MS;)R:X]\^:
CZD
MJ2_%F7Q(]:Q'RVB2]2 4T#D(.HYVRG2.CJ/EK6?DC*MGAMM&A\PPH8 F=#2A
MHT.)=CQ/&@
$,@6- AP2=!S+7V)!QORBP^E2%T9<+];V*5E@T;





MX#9;GPD0M]G?WPQV\/9E

MR\I'3':J0L@MZ.XQTANQ]$.D@*3 I,%T-NQ ^XSZDEX3])2\#;@_  G&G/


MT-&89'.L)'
 V_EMZ5G4F[3XA?3*K:P-C;OZNY25=))TDG1R]XZKSB.$I)
4
M!A=46:L=!FO

^=
2F
4,8.74RY)*-N/39$W<BH0[<+SG4&'=MQIDO+,^UI
7)TGP25/A





MN




!)F)US:K:9^2PK U!KV 3;FTR:YNG]AT
M
9!P4$$+8K8H
B



MA6O-F)Q

MJ*VU:C8UYO_4Q$QE')R6.C;=7+E6N+;NFK59B+0FQ0Q/=0-%K_K6ZS0+X#2K

W1FX


/)=YKGI.=8Q\_EZ
MG$HQ6QHS(6K@/:IY]F30H)B:; &=4*
3:J].-33NBU;%2M0ZY+J;3!UO)D!\
M\)LOAQ'1



^(G4*RRIG+9I$**$A
M^

;VK/H




^5A3/3O&\7AT89N*[

_OQM*VA:O7&:B\.K/;.
3\[RTXD@\!BXE23ZU
MSI[_XGM_&NS'] 5@M $L;+%C'N=)M5%T3;#J_T
KBRP[YLMHBHG-T!N8+X.




MLVC4[^HI\\1T+/'^YJ?8J
RMR0H5G+O1

U?O?VA@\OQ_85KVTP$J 8BL0


$VIN!TR88\ !!%4P]M& R-
M(R?2Y?Y
]9#'U^SAMW4AKMW0&FH:[#;R$6GHD90Y A
$LYZ_
(1 C8M\:\P#
MU3T






MS?]X_W+Q:MFH];E

9\?
Y&MR




V*AJ2L+C=G4R'%9$QX:
M
D8O;VHW\D
1&:.J&J-.+S^2QZJ A3BQX*Z'W40$
IA3:2C*H25/0[+1FMP2
ML(OGL5#!ZI


XX%/2(B/7N^O

)4@!4G

O]BG:Q/'%9#_8N/*]MXD%S)Y!TJV;SM
MR$!?-$*G?5M?4




MH?<^68TQK!-M3_!YU3X(^28@;%*Y!

MJ(+6&
;N&SS1ENI6Y%I




!L& ?.]N(7W8O)A/'GA[.*RQ
M(B9YX

M;4K5WGA_O7*E*56;4K4I59M2M0N?!%M@2U&$R)%2M0N!4DHYIE1M3:G:9ZW)
M7*VT

@S#BEFU*Z*:4[ T97G;D7Y($K


M  ])/6DM-WQ9/

M9/%.OT[9UM3ZBF6Z9YQSJ2T%/KNLU[7#.\=F:PZ*E/Y:T'SM%:^7S2I)
8!?






M+P@E9$

4$5PDKF


M#S&$+P(O\JWBG/)=1HD78XHG]G





X!#

%&3];$/\KNPF70M;R)2 075=2E4
M
A4)C@17Z+-1I9I
I42W^.MWX]Y(E^)F1:W%;=$
:[_8J-G12!I:]=BH?OB@
M&1:AA*P(+==FM%Q+Q;=+K_H#XY 4VWIK?OW@0?$#H82
R+D7:
MRRI .T-
!



MW&ITC$.6HVH1651VM
UV6]\I.!KMHH]VMZ&OSF151KOV_ID8Z

M'
6+1YH_K

MO!Q#U




M0'DU4(9:-RV4 D021!).7H20.$LAQWX;!F#M+Z)Z!MK[.]AX'5/R0
N






MPXN0X8PPCX]=-/-Y=(2_'H


MIF+-/U\13W8O$OFOZ0KF^--!OW&5*[[(\.2'1^/Y#6+V ?ON. JG'#[8&M#C
**<3




Y#-9G3\2
M
0/DS9_^+[^

CH1


N!7CA:X@@W!.

M7&8C



#YSIX5

M= 8RE\54DIRMEL9YTE94 O

+QLPPF^'7]&B%$3)
HK32ACL(



P=S=\O8



MEULV



M*:'H&C!M09O--NU.$8[78K


M:_:5R'M

P*)R3Z32LELMZ[7HZALG




M!L]16FQ!5M+]/V
M6&.2ZX3^.'\[WBXD:\#YQC)^F82I#
S-X]2

M:?5LDQ3\:X\GI
V 


'/@I=X\3#WIV81




M1_)+O2O:HSI[WO4




MAX^
DU/IP



E#DWWK2R,C?+;+
M4R^YN:]86Z5BE/</.6%XJ +:A]!RST=CVLZ /JR3[/.SYOGIGD:B(B$)0[
M68#N;8N5E]]S33DM&^KN0%:S8^'U4/S.6@^MX?(C]CY_A2%S._ZF)UQ$(/8




B$$EH WY2J=ZWT/?'8?2(Y?.BWS7ZWG/WW0V3O.*25QV@L#B[K'P/%\

K1VK[Y8<&;JN:Y/&E<E ]5T4$U7

MM6X?[;9)CF7

M#2V.^
')DQ

M!^#

 H%



MEU2\3A-5A =&
K.K;FGL37%

MD1BA'+M1J:!QAYE+7B$11A=D=

IVF*9N&E''*


MDV01RC)







MGQ#LQQ/DX&6M


:







K8
MD II&;

M6&B#&5T($*%
Y3 [8
M@OEOY^AE_0'Y=B/K=U\6\_XKUYF$I*IKUPT6*T!A$E//)8M;GG-4\!-.0_3$
MK8Z ;\K';%V$@\UBI\3M.H@]&_LT1$X2

PFEA 


MSAL9


MS]KUH&QI7/TS*D:8;\!'OAF

M6&PH)K(G0PO$DHR9S.*/)=+]XP!.&82EHD=W[W49F,[N TG.&=LZ;9Z8F'


M;


S@
0B!)2^Q@SS



SZ6
2HBF'TK/


MX7&X




M3

=\I3F/-:9K9QSS/QF481WGFZLR3%=A$#1BS
4[IH.O%3=RUBP47I[=.
M@S?
% K\5W1F?EA&B%QFO#CSK_'Y:B((PHV;N6BD@=N443)CBZ:A)/$4)! K



MAY+UBK)?=,!52B/W)]+X

K5/D X


M.T7^V/Y&

MZ

?.&T2M_^#T
/OXSY+G98
AM
M=P-[$)L#]@#V /8 ]@#V /: *$&3#+QEE
 ECH_Y:%R(%(#?!H0#P@'AI.F1




M\6BTV1##TV6SS8X-QY5@[]0T
:%5HL(L'A 5C38;@MWZ;/80?!E=-EOFT#%5
7O6V!08:AQ&*)^S_O8C&Z+\)CF(2H7
+



\9F_Q


M4)TL-NP


:W;=K79[_0 OHY5FU7PV* S

2 VFM]PC

MJN Q0SJ/-4






U+
DQ47,!YP21#[
MKV*O'8F NO9#F7ZB2
DVW7&.&X'/3!KFK ODM0TI\ET[=M3_
JWG^TC(NR/
M_IP5QXGOHU=&R
*1[_G//W]*Z













M_XEI:;Q&ES=
XC_BP$6SD

MQFJU.58[?8!_@'^ ?X ^0)\&TD?WGIQK]GGDA1&B)'KV'(+.G(BX7BQF%=.8

=F-%OL(LM!(
MK(#9(/LHU(S$BB'
!H&4B58B3!

M[1;AN/^[H [_]W(^.N03FO]3:Q-;I4(8 8D1=N($\PN0'U)*('(!(*+7W!/3
!7-QZO8TD]]BA
2QJM4

 \

M
9U%9

?3
M#YW=\I/]_/.GA'Y\PGAV\8TX/J;4&[.MY+?ZDL1?QI=+(GSAJ[K.DR-[3]P
MD7M@O';EA\[W7__ZEY]S=PP#Q_.]]'[C+S



M@]DN82P*@&\Y;WG5)8I6J



M3B




--

M JI6;(0.[4ZW=E(J@*J JHJJJJB/#+JMA*JJA






M-.^



CJ2:*(_\R^SC_


*ZT5!?E0CGX-4(C_(HR%Q(+^QW]*E_@R(0%Z(6BF0K# <)/$1'Z

MNCL$]_E7!LQYDR8H])-#U!WY;U3AR8Q*9PTE/L
S&819[## J*QMX/9H^(
M%^2K]P)N^HLK&%?Z#!OP([..XU?^W8A@&O(OO#+KAB;
LND@P0%NXBRWG^L9

MO1?P&G!/WU#HH@\,E*R&[#O.!/V%X_R;XV3P*5S@M$WX#1D+$D)S(S-L/Q
MF'#C



F




I(^W*D_EW%C=.




RSP/V8.8'$(/;8K'P'
;WNJR7/J=*

X9V;/

BH+0IH;<VI9T?',IM,%(TP:P55BZ
MS@R6

M3]YX[/+.2NN;)0FGIMNI\UX6:=K+'R
X

ZPCA-X._+(DUFP<2=A(/3:260ZA/1LU-1F^41\.-9]SE

M@S:S :1T0THWI'3+%ZTNM*($Z-W%'WUY%AJP07O98  :&%*Z(:6[=D$TJLNX
X+GM$*18Q8C'WY68=(0W],88HIQB?1
MS

#W;2EI*!WNSKE




W5-EL

#L

9Q&9\-C6
T%^2





MIP7'3%#20N8PB1#)=@3-V 64[PEBPN5P.YX?2%./5SFS)[QF4[)R^PU5RC G
M:^OU\'BHE&U^65O#Q^(TM(RSW3-SFDO4%@_4:2Y1#TX/@=CNCMANSNPKH\^_


MT&





MH# 0AVR\AIK$



M-D$YGK&/?:YJ/A2P(Q9+M5O3R6




MQ93


M(Z%C2.



MAZ;$)M[:GWMK?Z[=%K8?] 90:PIJ -3 O&*P:U8PZ@



MT6)@2@*7E_V#7;654%7

/\0





!2L!))IQD0HX#6%Z[


9 C8$:XQ?)
M'86MB1H[

MD'8#.4.VJK$?OEQ

MCW6
/Z]'58II2\R$T$![J%E[
C+ I@8L@ HUJ%#;Z6I(/!=5!26T-KENIS
_



MQST'9 !D4 P98.KQ$PQN@7%[


M7]7








O[EW=V-
M99C#/[K_?KAYASR7_0$[\4=S-+RY
V[N^K9I]OMW ].^MH?VZ-KLCH;75Z/;


(103'[2QSA@+)7YZE_.'1QTCT%,U3 ;-.UQ%)XYIQ
M**[Y=H7NPME^IS#[ 




.4F4H]_H& VVN(@K

$]*8QQ^?A''$=KC(

B!T6KZ

4-VO2PFG4&@PD


MSF'DE1



0N


9O?D67T@1[KJM1LR)E'$\P/P
M#[4SR$\4M^'(KN!(@11X7FAWSM))J2LO+F&7(LQE!DDY!XV&;9:S$O'Q[

/:'M[
M99B]X=WPYF[8ZPY

NF$@^M%Z@FJIR[*W
M02TC'O5H3.?9SHL4YN
3C0\@4)ORB$W#D)=!;!IR6M&.ZNT%V^I6M*8%JX=&

J\
B'H@40_NMW#B
MY-E6QP0_Y\S94IBPPF.
#61K81?W\L+.0)^6T^=$H#);C537210=61P ( 5
M/1I!TBU^_CGCC!C6-X!D-3SG2;0!ZJ



D?S'4@V38'N


WP

 N@^@Z&.LHWKSXA4P]?ZE1%


MD
?/K B-481C@L(QHIM.3'@NQRO;CH\D.*KY8S%+_H@LW5:8^#+'2&J7UOR^


1!;%L



=C@-.\K3^K-8W.3
3&M'V(T*

R\D[3X-.0H_QZJEU=*&\!RE=O
MPP'*MQ7EP91O+\I7%BFS.H

!JKLMGKP6DKD

M[$
H!6 ?0BD ^]*8Q.Z8O4VAE*](32#UX',@RB U[;JU0V4&6WU8/7DZUJ




Q;:IAWSP?]

# /I::0UMB? 2FOVAJ1=M6#Z:=

M=8*EBOSD3(-/
7[TR:;O5[:P'-'6DMA7)%6
7=UY*&X9$D_%CWH904[D$-_/



??BN?$D??N]/+HJ




7QGH= LXECM.C3H2%L-=]/0%US9*




(H
V.










 _D!_2]&#8B8CK



+JT%%_1ZARZ5O.=$
M7V*T7J]0Y-BV?TK02.LVF.CD42S'+H3:XK[5L^6E^( W8DUR^P],0$TGLA

TT&$C4=6 2M322V;
Z-D0R 3SSW0UP\.3QVN/C
O715^@4F3VUF*=Y-U-YWW%G:


MW-R



Q@7X3'KNL2:GK&T_134'T$2T
MB]?;HY^V\6A-5S?A;[]P-R*,K=E=GK W&#A@(4C+NI*+(P! P=T0N8O@\M





O1N3'
MC 24H'$8(?8]]
IH2Q$)7.*BW\-G

M.@AF\MA:@O3W_$V#
)JREUZA'?_.XL9BAY%#?#_[SB_OC'?B=\:^SOSWXEN:
M33(WV#ME4L





L[LH
J(!!)$$D)A7GRFEF
M2*YX)\4*\W[^E-/3QC/+NZ=7$3GWP9WS #/2#N56JI?_5Q0&\\ZO@A32)

M'_O#_LW0[EW?FJ;5'0VNK*'5&]JC:]

L9^0AS



I (52@1RI(W!@(RH4 F028EJ%:[NBY2H$'!-3FP?(IW4
+!
M*_)#7*@E/1 8?+^&D!E\/SFA-WDC-H\F)!B38$R,7F ,6EVJRLB!6L2Q!7$
M]11JV156?.N@0=M8F#8ZCFBCI8&W4DSR5M6N1E2JMRL7JU%)\
V5\S XH^_

MZU.^7'\NL)%'5EF5!R2-ZTR\K*A:DKQGTT6BE:F_:2B9N/*?7&'G&7?QU'


G1D122XO5%*5*GA6AQAJ
M)6UM$:HSTRC+<MQ.%*7]#Y KD*L2@WGK) &=U%*+6G;? #LP; ^R@:HLMV^
MUK%)L W -N#IGY6)&]@&(#M*R8X-=G4IW48W_?SSIX1^?
)X=G'O3(B;^.3+



K5[

MN(YD%3;:V6


$& !M@[2+3
#H&:'_0_FT5L49(
M45]B98;J6A].*8^
I


MH@$PTPB8J3'LW 3[K^0^'BJ!

M=#!J6'\* (2V]XP * #N;A1W6_(*EE7A;3C(:7AG!O7LC/H;
)P
V%6EFWU
M.W95W*8*K&G++:;5&0S5-L=03F(;EP3A%:)X&#4Z8


MB.GGX#[&


M)N8WY


 )_$7WW[D]$7L




MN57 9SKSF;1F&\!GJV;/Z0EVA;+@MB32B;BC2-%SPBEYP#^^X9A\6TD7*YQ-





M:U]Q;







MP;?

]^J]L=E:!BIR[R2PA;X5?T


^


M!UQD1=HDC@ &R^^=^ %_RN_MNS:?DO

M^ IH#[47QW7AN; J.4B'IN84

X7FKK
MPC?FUUOR)
^;
'*F//5R7=;E.X]%F+_)IC/7?V6
9\4&SD

MR9;%)EL:NIIL2_VT^8HG3I=L].I-RA6E7-$2$GDS814G
7YED1
[)E&LIKVMN;PVO:ZVBOHY(*VNN:RFO:
MZYK#:]KK:*^CXAG:ZYK*:]KKFL-KVNMHKZ



BGFA
&G8P-N%HCE'K?=












I)Y(.40!P [00DW*&%7+T@=
XN32ROF^9:(5M!44[






MSI3P+P;P']%@66SJ15\HXGSZS,T6_UNGTPN,KG(Y&K.%OQ6E3'4AQ34KA_
[UDPO68/




M







-H=TAX$C_7PZ!

MW5Z%Q\V6NN;! TPZBM(1/#:8=!2$(7AL
.D('F32O

M-YL





MF$W

MR_2IBZW56
RH-+P)+ 06 @N!)0'+J* V[O4%2\Y._#&R'ERVZOJC+2Q'--?Q



_=U@TH+V=B')Q6LT[I5WS;[[1ZIKT.W






+F3#-PWBZ=/74

M?;UU/

_P
TZ

P5Y_

MS)4ZZ0D$'0X$_G/^H1Z2PYVKAC+PFO3!O)9&&S/7E=?\?*:?\9]#V)&2G_?_

MF


MO5RO3@)(\)#!G_9R3R%!Z%#IC)TV_LDE1(\F@4/\@$():1$R 4HV@6X$-V
M6(E5
R2
X9K, P;2V@!KB@V7_\-_48AD'I/FM3(/#R5<


0PTO.


.DP\DA7[AI]U9TAX1_:I7HU1WIE-;7&&X;_3Y%*QK#[7YO
M0-U5&L-MLO6;QW.2<+)\YVZB#G.[4*FC<.9F7:2FMLQ6F,5(OXYKSM]ZL?0

M&4?
OHO@UM\])PHO7JS OAA'SK
3O=[CTM-' S\\)/I7-OGY[/;:U(WA/[K_




M^&^FL\[$.(@1NY-]
ZG'L


MD')

M[1YUC2/O*+WIGRPDYVA3Z8!A*-L)MU(G@T9%HDL'%5$TPV\:#MN&LGV5W*8*



M5R2))Y#$4N!(91%_0YJ=5P@KU53.59$=M97])#UEDQ[2M(05TK1ED!VE#0::

L++U]OOK-@[(3L


MTE:V?M__NVGB3+KR(B;.=-1




'/2.K0G$3K*@8ZR
M!A=HVZ%MA[:=DQ=SEU+5J!4F]8-=N'!KF5FXI!VR1II41'6;?PWEXV7\-Z

M)QJV=1FZWE;8U($$JF[J5F^39:.

BVQ
BT_
DV%7C/ALBJXK.0F
MWZ5-GC;Y$JO20;_=*VA $RG3M?&4HKJMOKTEZEX-6+

M#Z'%WI'OS&-Z-NGS=8[8XN;KNW%[5ML*I9DF3:Q ^TZ(GQL4.AQH!GMI;T




M4\$D/977M(25^F*%-&VA:0_]]JB@G+WZ2L\QICAMG:NT;4K3%^MURKSHXL4*
M[/S3_FFY

M;+I_8B'3)I83:

M=6%YD[?1:^?9L3'=Y]5A+O7*VY#
HR[MKG:M&I1IE
KPU7PTLHJ# *E)V]

M.VRIKO.L

AQ.3L*Z2&V%DO
J#B5#&FF8@I*(7Q\*3#N71&

G21HSBZNKWJ


M.9X6O?C:0[+*4*[R \(5@

M^ 9I:

OX!6V(QZ#M_@1
M*!CYJDGL:K/ M^

M=\9/VD. M_+_:


9^ZK=A$ZUKI+




/(M

1GXC%X

VAC?B#A$\(L%P
MGP$R6[*\!4D.3[






#5




MR[TR*LT+ 06N]H'?N
MP4 @#@6]H$DY+=AW'@=AJK$ $+V!_Q$OE[NV#S6*S
6
MNZM=6]PRPEV.P8F_AV@FZ=&=GL?922;W7XG51Q?E-QM2*I-^RYE-?6BGFZW(



%]+WSOEO5 'M\QZE25C
MT.]S2'1P*V=Z@OK
M$'-

-P\?YFC0-@D?A(\U^!AUS;9!^!\D)-%*$M0I[%J1SU

)&&DATD/$TH()46BQ-!;NM&C'9L@LCZDU-7;





E:7%9*;$R%0RKJ(C6U




MZY+SNM.G?@R-8389O
WC.0DXV;OYFZC#'*EXCGQO$\[[8ZPP&=US2&WV9W

!M;1Y(;
M^V9#=[Y1ADG]Y=2)4Q&DK9/UM(T^=1%*P@QAACSZ\1;0YT-1VI.5@ZG-7
M2PU!XNA#TFUO

QU-.UJ+[X;V[JOL_!
M[NZP+0M=JZ 




:1C2
/F;1EU37753[35
K9RON148PX44EW/^&U4P^Y6%X0?M

MKS8NWS0I[)'12+L;[6[*RTG5C74CL2*Q(K&29QLFR55!1N...;9KJ&:5+:WI

&'\$/X*8H^)]S22F^@8G^\\N*L1F6V%<-;Z8A'R/D

I!463M*K5TO7Y77;5N70)4Y V2]#=^DU3824M23])
M/TE_A:1_

M)V$@8:BT
'3U]CXCZ!HA#-68@5S.U/]*=:LI.S&/5NA[(F(I3FS4APK'D&RK



MJ=20I)^DOY'2W^\-U$W.K8OT-]E/6-FGA6J*-Q--IS)*VD$I]S]'BJ%IF
JP
M0C)!

MQ$5V)'&(XU'


PR @?:Y].Z8


M#
M;+:&O9$ZEZ(N=AOANR;X'O44]OP@=!.Z2X5N3&0PJ7$CX;NF^.ZVAIVNND2=



MRA#0#$CSXP#!;



MG?9 D]




3A
ME7\[FNG1JS9ET9,/T*A#A Z+ACS2(OP6\%PJ1+HT7N!O
9TZNM2O6G'#.
M5
INWZRDRBFRMWX O_*TJS@(@


(KN
80
#\WKYKM[07)WK2)L!]I !(UE@0!A_EXPPDN-3R




MF*(695;@@18




MU BPM)4N%=^'Q:SV1(=A)'

MK6^ @80(0C;#




M\&73\2_R-0/%DQ
B6+BEC$S'2].S7MS#


CZGCU V.HK
ME@1ZLQ.-+#Y3G&LHP,51QVPP2IX3$_)6E[!5Q1D?X@=%Z4L/.)1S'+VUG(

M\)]QRQB#IK&X:0?JY(5I/+'$?^_RYR4)+J-WM+B]O:5S!FG4!@; HW1LSC



M[V/&[(2HJ

L

Q

MU7C+3


MI@AR8AD&B WXF



S]BW
;/

C#J_0
K%1DT%M*Y JV


XTP7M




M\&QC 1=H'M7L.^B$D

MU\SM58M?O7SH5RF!6(+_5^E0?!5[;4EJ(?[(;?ZIS_
B[1#NKV*XX#%@(A
K
MS0M



MMKQH;GNT'A$2




%


M[/&S0)FV)1^5%E*+('#$7/8
+_]EF8[CWCBVN+EU(7$LCM^.V\KR2#].G+


M^A(KN0\O2BCP

3B],OJ_\09,CX,;8QK4;4S<4)\HBC:11V6%.\,D)I3-+OR*?%)
M'A)6,\99<6'*Q^P=V0?RTA!X31Q**P&[HVB&WM8.[V]82!?2Y5069H?=(L%

TARY_%




U/N:T8!*0-0_0!)2B

\QX6;I69LK!:UH9Z'_H )Y,M7T,6!6
MKLG$#HI =I_(E7$E_/0?7.=1]D4W1/9H^-Y
^IDB8



MH=Q$B&YW8(Z[&TP400FI$=8!))2]&*S
/E[8Y$8?2@:$1/_]9G'UUUVK_OA?
MS_51
5HO*93AV\R5+RJ30J$-KM+L?JGR^GI?A6&;I/N$



MX0&L)FLQ^:;YV(M(^10\;P/OL3H1KQ^-O!1V C .XNYQOA9341CN@V)/Q@
M7M\*)I+++4QIKF$$7K801\


MG^\JV.Z(^^!

MU(!

=Y\


MPCE;M$NE$1IFWT!U[2@T7H5N\O#XJ@P2WBD25:)XZU!B6S9RADJ'L;7GKV
MFWOSDLQ;O
#7C$7OL9PTKS&=TI;@7.%E=I(GK;#$!8QPREJNRFX)
VUABR*)
MB'4P([X


6U.$V5;2EN.YHMP;F'RHG2

+*





MS0VY-=S\22%=59?FJZ*K64 MY1:Z#H0@**.MH5K25=%6+ZGP1;:]LL6W\[
MFEB

M*3^]EK[W%^%2I$&T3V]?N$)//!%7V3JV%5RQC3_U_EDLB1;'\N(+\  \_H




';W







F]7.O?\


M[2:K=)I73-,48N2&@7O58SW=:9)[=M\8;
QN*\3Q?&Z1X, 0G%&'&H
3
M





-F&MZWBY;3L?.'[%W


SG
M8WMK$O!$@7[2K %S%WDI$J9/RU0=

MW^A




=XL



Y-47:-4R3EOL@80[@BSPPU/.Y&(Q%3T9?0TT



MS'4*PZJ'+%T_S='F!^[I(D/I!'$QQ&:YF::&3TF5;R])Y93C=3/2)61;QY?)

0N:163[V&W?J\X1(_6LEH[Y-$QA!+\KU'6LNU]

(V;!IFZE
<&X)\C]L3E(OQAE%[\01H<HE!-;




M!P?['J&C#G_+E^W*7AX9C34OYFJ#BV$^DZ[%:_G3/MRBLM:+T=$6*=)I0VY^
M M&:#^++WC##5E).BNKN=2NU&2A]A [+BY)9OTEZYZ_0S2%XC*;-PCY-B-



$K2




FLEQ&=B.PN
G3O#1_\9^KDEOQRPHEM01



[BX&EQT+P;70_-JV!E=&9WKB_[%E7[VMP5_(:\Y

P


 =!I\ND1;QTP=C]EWCFY66=*.=$W]4F'G9
MSO\LGY#_%?=X^&_D6^0]Z_8^HTY;;3^(&-XB/9.;WHGRQ3Y7#SW'8ZQZQT




;KJ0YSGR

M
C2&UX9.S*8M=-T6*H[3:0/=G7X*Q8DVT*HJ5;T](IW:$%Z;[2[QFO;/Y*:O



M?;LNSB

&O\(/VG?\J\)$A3U$T^_#CCR\O+^WO#X';]H/'




[=:JY61F7W(@$MV-

'EY?&!ASZ8.
M\9;O#[[

?SJ%[?








M61Y%'VT8W6 FB RFM Q$
5@QO'A_(/.0PRC%^

87JHR2)

&X(/W3)UQQ:XF:
M1E_NYT^

6F
M2T38;\CU

M8ZDJK:C.O2%TZ0MS7

Y


Z2PUL;Q71E5AV5N

RA$&]Y

M0VI0%_WQ)0UG:$
5A\2M#6-S.,D88)-/UFH@H*3FC'B2#
M6+K@EMB6LL/@=^80N$FX(KQ6]4('F<NL2!10^GR%4^=85A87X;A IXE< C
MH3DY5O#,91.J36D*G823%;*R%*\]-.):NAA/K+ F9H^<4HSK@#MC7*




M0P'4VWITC@'TZMQ6\.Y!RFO)@#F8H^S'
.HF G)-90?5I3ZB92I8W]T-;&
1 %8@@0I0TOFND7<
M

L'%5Y0[2=.J<&=7L@@M.@OJ&[7;;(K*F93]


B([ORQ
AT.F
1GN/+
MC#Y0ZCP0UYUZSI54PEL2V0+!*K(V


H8.J8;/)[0K.14S/&
G8*N(P
M3L];@EH?L543]I7@Y_*F*O!''FF5-+YVG-\:#H_^/^S(4I^I%__
4CR-$;27



ABUC]RJF9;';Z\-\5L5[N.+XZ+K
M^Q[;@:23E\9I$]

3V!JLK$&_IS&
MN!E9


MRR226($H*3:CMZ8^@ODR=I4HYX+W-
HC#]6UIKUF])[ )KU+RGK_HBN85Z*8

MZP?Y[O57&D=N)#QM'/DC$F!$YLO+^4LK%
6*9;&@8@ND485BD52( .]&;T])


MT#[GSC
IS;$GILMMT]B-

JGQ&Q'3TOL8)QK\3











;O









M5_I^#P5W'

;9SO*9+AC8K8FL;1X+3U8L;HX)J)TZT

$XD8P+I!]0354*S\.+F:

MGXA'UO[ZLP\9UVRA J
BA(RHN@V/9]H$Q?WXS* 9HB6
M7<Q3RR[RBE:5V[DJT5&^<:-#;Y$^&_B+1Z)9(BX+S&2_NB9J+MAX
* X


M1@92CN/B\1!^NF$1NEIT*JB^U\#B0:)[$I%QS=@W69EUG5*3BT7+((ODO3



MDH*K*5H7%J']2ET'

M52TO


V.Z[4YN)-6<R_EK2 NLK
M*S4




M*4 F?%

M@DXPG_MWL)M5T(M'4O-5!/M?(%36N#PIMFC*I6T4&DDB9)[[;A[O$&VA73


YV=7=W2

M'#!F_)$BK]Y!/K5+#RY7
TM>-)Q
MGI8P5Z

*#DHK-O6VU -NA\\RK*C =.85
M6D1#Z@&W@Q2S\%#+PCZL+?6 VT$*7N



#$X
3$S


9*;8GFWSJ@Z?%#$7J-BD_]J^_A28E43)%


MZWG=8/07/[_Z.3_\\W
7<6DGTT7WT??S_G&P^V#=-/: P<-^!AG+_[N9+;YP_WD?OOH

M0SNJWX''VI+YGVHP
'6_S^Q-F
:NZCG=I86'9N

WTY\<]!<]@WL/8=C$+]


MXA58ZLNOQPWFZ7[&'
NQ:^3P3@


M']4[VY2BL1V#M6E:BN)6'-&BY1#T3F:@VTWL]
ULL:QO6C'!CB:%*#P#
?EU
M


MB^[!;:5;'L0FQ_9Z.N
\LU-/AQGL@ZY+C?A7NUQ?K9ZG[+3S 33SCM/:LLM2
M(SQ.H+7KH]08WL$/.WWUY1ILZ/C[+
3Z_#KFEK./;T'=/';[=9WJ3$?(L9W
MM1R WE_F\_!Y,IV/OD&P)M]G







MD^7EJY1B7EVY7?[LX.'V]JIA$;G?CE[&%'/H$GQ\=T_[=F(=#*&]]VH//0\[


M














M4JOG%MP=#'[[2*49L0$[@TP ZX\9HZ#7*%$TQA)C+=7!]6*3_\EXL / WZ.0
M?1QHVECK'R[MK 4O%J6C$EH[2FA6&*#J-,P,PS^]ZJ*!13*J7C&5[\:1G^


MQ&G ZY
=;3C7VA



M[&2!:! 240T*OV8X4!HL VOYU!UG.D_4O !L^S6^K3RP/0?.H[E^^%5O(S

MY7L:0J

]U$I0[1*S

MGK^2SXD4Y


G;

MG^+[Z-?UKDYXGRZLG

MKIW


X%KTC**6VZ9R49)T;+\=J?++39B4O



M H +9' 18HN)$Z%X8*PX_FD3-QR+WPR!%2EV&3347E]R'DYG\(,+/(^M]R5
ML&=?TTHR353@&4E#$H6#@NK$#:P7\,U?A6SFF#S/R;PE^



5



]XPQP8_/$[OC6HI;WN5KLUD

M/]DEL_8WKJPPS@L+V@ZS8/? 'XC1I% $4]ODR\E Y:F;A2? 48
@?6(9H4^X
M?

M.T;

C)NS8-



[
OH6OA0;'FZPD$;FC5Q1;A%5(+)

)7VIUDGR?I0VQ#;N]-L:54);9R4P.DQUUBC


6<Q3J*A)2.&LE<
MTA43RY%4

MX]; /#02T$=R6M;V 8Q6*0&W/EL9ZHT!$Q$)AGV^V31(AOP;


MY3P\3WMC.7:VJ[03GC-%D


MQ(@J



MQT^WZ6

%@R


N(2]X0B)$; P.V
L.

MZQ/6

M%@D;#&C$#E?/H]J%0[)37V.;NN+RV[V8I;.JE 8!
5*4=8@M6$)0[(4@.K
MBU-82-J(*#IH]V6B





\;N.&P PE
M=?K'=%S;?J-$R,&F_4;;2D:OG=<1.1\,8M(&%+2-B'H*:F1(P70INVA^5*6I
M+S!+R?89<%NN*G])6RSK;EH;^







M;


M3W%VL]/O\?:1BC.1#

WC(O2G-\M'S\HW5_5'


;












'^.BJVANUWG%M4W)DX!(

MD+]8%8I]&9=V






M&P0Z[ 3OE0C=8!QO8[F]RSJ8;S8;5MZ+P 6(4\(Y 
HUR%EK$Q)&2
P#
R9\




W6







M]*;#V.K)-A5/--#(


XWU
_U




MY%NP$
MK5$HCY?T37




2J:

M)C:+W5W76!N/51H';[&S8

M5SAH0P4H-(IPBZB
F&88A3F]4Q_)Q+[M_DR+B[LUVP8M1CZ

.QRNC2#4^YWT)Y;\T!B?@D3X

W
MKIC[Q9EW@<?$[%HA+5I63ABE0*=!O





MRP+RS(/L3K#O*\-%H%K89$X^%\[P[-
[B.


MF


#(\

!_IBMF&VM^SW^CJ4U7N#^?



M$0%)8:-

Y4?_9.+$WE$^)'YM


%CWW]

# U6<[S]X3?F(=P2KM:GA'+OQR




M*IRV]%!9IIV!)8 S^DZ,/4H,)50T#PY$.[1^@YV5YF;JR*RIQ_P1F.@QB \
MA%^:!A7VGC!/$Y(.AND4)X@GF\$*U5X%161';:F
I= P[/'L5B-Q@VY*
-J
M

THO

M)\R.]
#9/K7\;J.?G6L^(1'S?Z&E;/)A8\2L#5B

M^/YF:3XP=B-L+!O$[\B]E3.T]9GI0?T77'J)/$A(LZ31%Q6)84EB5QFCL2

N3Q'FI@PO^




M/'&^AO^E ]L*J^^Y()\B\QCIT7UN\7-;3;ETR)L \N3(KPG+B#8_)Q-DD3

MPDQ'IQE'*CM62
HB&/E8(JQ9PLHR8DF'



M#'G* W+:P:9LL8]

45XJW+T X\HETI;7
:0+^:R/\IYNO5Z;3/0IUM7GH:


 MM1#?SF<?/\3ZJEU9




M+=/7I


M((*MS
%K  )GA$0EA.4G?Q(T&



?%7N&RHU45



MRC74@^$


3@Q
3
P7V1E9BYX;6SLO=MV&SFR)GP_3U%_SW5U

RGOKNJ2

MK#Z9-V_^]+_^YW_['__?SS__/_WQ[4\VFV[NT^7Z)Y.GDW4Z^^GW^?KNIW_.
MTM5O/]WDV?U/_\SRW^9?)S__O&OTT_:7Q7SYV[_%_WR9K-*?_EC-_VTUO4OO



M2OG+]MO#HZOY2P^&3N$O_^]O;S]M(?EYOERM)\MI^J?_^=]^^FF'7)XMTH_I

TN_\E/OR+F@9V;1:14^_7=VEN
MLON'/+U+EZOYU_1-8/5]I'G[DKL\O?G+G^Y_FP8(H8 0@PC@?Z_0P_K;0_J7







;1X1L'QJ?4:EF_PRZHR^[O
MY^MBU3;9
NY!:9#


M7H:C^3IJ[C6'_6(?'=-@)JL[O\A^_[0.?T6V5QC[R;9]C[DN^.4ZZIB:G?FF
M#OXG6G8\WL/[WM]4-V56[Z@_:K9+]5VVF*7YRH63^OI;/6).]S
D+77G2/5.






M











M63R[MW@BEV1'C#F(:3;81^U;'M0X??=A8>?9^G-9+-8UQSBR7XZ''!V/YDO
MFX_W23>M#W?;^\_WZ?V7-*\[UI?Z:'N@=Z&_?+KYDOY\@*;F
M08.8!

M(O_;=)&MTME?_K3.-^GCA]ER'18
M]-!PV*\RX[6BUR_='_@XWSUF_IC?FX%



3C6'-)_M\(Z4M

2K$U:3)NCTIEAFJY@X/9;+NJQ4

MG^\RPKQ9'C\P7T[G#XMT=W



%]N&P7RJV








=DD %8X+[6P
M %K



M)OMT$?J\_35=IOEDH98S-;L/G%BM=Q[^??:ZRVGA*O63$ =KNK!0;CL$-S


M


P]*GY6$AE(K7YVV?OISZO&T3G ']\B[\MOY6

M0V@48+S^%M*G4ZGYLC$(F@/*XNI#GODLOY]\3+^FR\VY /@2K1
.&6+(:TNI


IK6#^T
MIK.4EIVN=N.#_#I%ORY/S$_O#%A83UA 62!+,&2Q+V)'F(CE:^?*VSQ)97

E XAYQBWD-IR!#LHM:% PM;-\BIT:H2KB

MJDXAPXEDCC*I#O&
#KD&PG5=!O3.(*MIRMAF%+'IE_4I7G__4&*TH\X:%793

WJ?;ZM$];'8ES]E0D3EB'J?=!G/3-(4L/UUN@




M$XZ
4P$


MF6/$8.00^AI 0^)@/!0I2__X(OYK?4\ ]B5B147?




-F [[OG9!JXQ'WX//BZKZ
M-G]T73;_#D$;3'R*
^B;Y?_. M;_%]N\G,145[2&*1/$
58]93*)P'ZO&*


8&*UO


MO68-9. Z+


M%AJI!MR D1(M%H\@F%@1]D
/T8LC*




MUF/FUS7.G2W-[[*=









P0TU+I!@:3**]C95 !=
/5D
M8H 6$?M!T@$@2UA U[-8C-ICZ2TK


%5
2V$)O
XD *4Y6?F&=SV\?@Q9&49&:B8!&$Y$6K&O

M?20&4J6DE5I3KP7G%'NSQ\ ZY!ODS7VEPM
$O@%%Z+&F73'VF !VE[AQ



MSG
/T_^^)#FG^XF





SP6O103[4ASW0[QHZGWR
M7 (%8L9ZA9&T-CKJ 3K0(C0@XW8!M
2GY]QO :'KYOHHC?EC8'8KYGN_F'S-
M\D]94)RC_GW68/_BLPD&'BM/F.!



MU)1!67?0O ZVCTI3&@6W6]EQ/Z0/J_DTB\;+G1TMG9W=?$\^GP+B


MKQV#SD)(+/;L
'3!0?T;\JTK5NTSM%UL^CJC!K5P&E2

M@PE0$D 69HX$!38 ]!JVV-QC4IK1+7A


M$T( 4D!JZ;SW@ 

MV



MLYIJ1ZFP(OP

.0=S=(#N?+MY')
ME].2G&F5
X= P J$Z^U4,&Y\7MPG2VS\-UYX:VTH*0=85?7YK&B1%?#$T]


MA4[N-#D*%.4400PM9LL0='N=7L #6ZSYB@T2H4;2(X[MLMFEDB


(BJ;G7
M4A\&IGG]7.



MFMQ)2%1S-F5=P%);3]Y?V5'+6:RSL9S.%W';BG1=T)TO-4R(T )H([U%A C'
M!?.J($![5'\R=Q(LU1I?.T%GC($W #%H@[KI%+?8.@


MREOAQ8'VL(.)[2RE^6@]#Z$IB+H7G[@#










80$D$%I%A+A7 
^]W22A0GH\E;

M(NA4FT1+X)2S$I'G/7&*HKW-%).9*_1\R7/6RTR[OEIJR68^K8D/BMS7L(


M/K+TR3.)  Q;1R6D*BR82'
'BQV.

OTGKGI






9P






]#G

. N..1PH.]X:RR9=?=XF,5H0[37&DIME% 
LP(8Y$B?

0$$5]




M+0%GFB5
%X\DWF,$
MA((861%H\,Y!?9!@J^I;VCK+XM827VLBT)_NM9XL;^=!3=S1&Z3-%4F)2_W
M3/






A,.98<C-8 -=,K.#,B=RT;+F/6J2525C].-$B2IT1;
MH$0SZ(W2TAX

IMMEP'
ME!?;(A'K-$]7ZQ)VRG9?E$1;


9\4-Z'!BW]QO%O'F;]#


MT0A0@[TW&E/)Y0$/[VC]TU5W19?'(6O= MV7X/UMOLSR+80[6
Y(UO-'$TB-
M-0Q@(9SGV
@ VV%Q!EB-L7CS.$2G(9+7I;-WKJLG&AEM(!


MED%[%)

$TUU
H)+ US
MBCN.2SE7.J:L8B(?!8 +Y!@GO$/8(8@DWE-$
8
-K#*5IU_51#ZEF7$^D4\U


3S5@FEWF#!*(:LJQA]X6=%(LZJ\5';J\NA$AL ,)@[

M
2 6 -/
 R.\QX87E)(F%TXZ]!-UQ_[ZR QFFH\Y[GQ0=0ZPG##)=YG:_[LQ

M:C?.B8+C9Z3A5(ERSX1   A#


M3T2JBL:+-48_:I]EL]5)J_]WSR3AL($









M-(UCZ6


M
S6;;7DT67R8S&=OEF;R




+8%9JU.FEK_ND#PC5VV](B&0(
D=
MUXK@



906$Y-T)H8--0:Z?0!
M&#JUXWM-TE?:?Z6SMI3#9AK2=HBA4+.( 
/NVU<1,V,0(^4F5%IP0;3QKJ 2@ ;APWW66:K+]-9P*<?]









?O)D
M8HWEV$)BE* 8

M*^

0


M+ W/

MCAVS3! Y[OL&+?*UBL0TPN['D9UA9.;585QB\PPHN*S/)W?;A7@BW'MWSV;
M. (\\0)X33ETUJF58$7$JY^L&QG[JM6.96UBT]?/ ]DIJOU?%J*Z=\_G #'

.Y^FEHM
5




&
)D
8B; -U4)A
MU8;F C/)


M6;8Z?G


ZVBU+0*77* ]7H#H.)P;#
ML/_2&OED8;VH3]3H+=$(RU54*$PP $
JA XF*A(N6CN(=7




MLLY*LPPN32WBV4X
?+1HI/?9;3YYN)M/PS:[N7_8;J\[8
H%P5_H)#$2T58
MF#S& .DD5D5B7.ZD(/6-B9V5=^E)4#K'LC4A.4Y(58RHM'\U#@1T %,(=$
M AL#_2TM J ]\ZB^6Z*SDL6#D4+&+:W8LQ7TY@)Y^-DG59=)[YKFA@0+TD2

YM6\56=[2@3A


MK^8[LU




M7 F(
WH!T;4OYHXP$&R1W%J \Q1V\EJEFEGA
*&/3(.VYY.&8)*0TN^ $E
MU/7/D@




M!6*
J 8A


MQ PX0+00.M;SEI39PV0P@%^5FEF=;663*==#Z37*PQ6HCL.)P3#L'SZGMK28
M6**
XX@R+HW6BA4F*BUHGT7LFN;4+LWB%G)J5X-MR CKYAEK$0M:MJ(.(
JI


MX UX$?$^R]?S?^T++7_(YUE^M%2:/)W-JZT]93I






!GPK;

MCDUDKC/HCH;C1;PH!JF'2D.I.2@0T^$8TFM9ZO;BKTKSZG+0736 KB/HS@*K


QT 00$1 0 S



M)+@ K\4?\VQU7$QY86D\KQL=5P?3TQCM*$$S)#R'FGK
42 





MPXB%F:SNPGH;?[C_W








M:I( SS6DP 8!Q5)Q3*4JO%4ZK% -2AY?@?VL971ZYG_ 8;IU1Y;E_K

M



YCL
M:##NC^EB

;T=4HX



6\5LS
D2DM$&7C^&K(Q2I1R?B+1B
MZ_Z83G^;KV-(5?BY2O.5S[*9G7^=1U#.1B.7:)D@C!TP&B
K'$! 4L34 1P@

?6F1+UB56PSE=NTY I
)!#&'C%*%.0
^DA


MQ:
5]:/+Y#(

M0BT





$V2NUB9/

M+;?MK%[G_L%B2B&971+I)BEGJI_^(B@&-7$((A(H%S9J\NV% /VM[\ -KG

M'M =

^


MBH

M'8KDG:O[HV\






_\]J



.G(PX+$R&CH







M:I B0MF(L82&.

MS6VUJN*C9]6;KVN9WA:]KX]C1\_[DSZ

M1T\/:?6%1TTVIXIG7#[-3@S#%=.:F\Q)JH,0Y''3.U2^QH#^]7EP:'K%62
89:!5XWK3S)!=]P;(L<18Y(K(NKV



MA%*!J:-^*[T7+OU
6^W2S^*S
MFSY9]-9!]G]E:^S**.#0(^:9MMIB 2155C2&AL6C_ HOW000QEDSX*=M5P7

\QLH]EV-OHM3@WWCZ




M1G+I6
F4PY8;XJSZ;



M+KNA.@=]U!Q:X'E+D[6&PP@@7+YW*FT$/N_MN!3+/DZOJZ=B?NNJ;)/+







7UKNN'CJE^/H.U
MJ3+_YNI@$77 40L4(E *(;7Q DO#(6)2P59=D?J6[7AU^!=7!A5-! $98=$X

2$\THU<FMEX-F$K'37;$(@9AIZ
MOPY[QAZ1

M=QET#J$H

MSV/M9@)F2-4?M3;VWQ0

L?D.W18044A:0UG



Q0Q:T$@)E$IG08^]
M)WI@03:$1K


MPU3K3_S@?8%%*8&/FULME(2..Z-0$S+K!)
%=P=#?N4Y02J6RK(I
O\L5_H


M

+6P#G4F!F6TE^MK?XX6




M1P/
8PJI&[ 9U4$!]$.MINGLYDMUN];M\OOTAW[X
(LJKKZNXG177][XR_7#




S\J


M;=5\L ]
KZ.6R




#Q
TE1K8@V7-'4:
MXJ-.FAI+I*NVA&D&&= ^_L$CO
8TD$);M*/?6(_=6[
N3Z3K:1HYS[!%C#W@

MEQ&=T@



2(8

M=B-O%YI'B:=DU*3A]9X9


$\?6H8)M4JE0TY02I%


Z$_S6N@)[?J;GX_VQ5S=^2.
M8(RGCG





W]^N) H_!(45Q72(5Q0P ]
*8ZHEO.0?E\H)\F=VV<D[MO4Y9Q8W$PA( )'8< M5(
M*)]
';7=;K*#FJ_
T+OD0LC=5(/3X&AXQ0REJ6V@ JJ5) U2GF#$B[D10[
MWV$YZ3E6?Y3+23:
M
T-&NNR

MRCH0$Y6



M.HDA(/G[C-.X2!+((7.BSI''UIG&-F)

M_
]@3^K

MD95VZ1E2X# A9S!&3I3*
Z*9NQX26+'GW@ 
$*9.=9=.8J(T-62+)'1%&[.
MA!EYD!KBK.D9,JT;2[2Z/W!N(4 *$84A@Z*QO+AT/KTX^E\2AYV1)'V@-



M0W7Q
M&0Q!O88^S8RD@^O@[


M4'*C ( 6

MH
#V5L_;NP)2!&
9T02


L1'F


MF[\?+Q%VY

M!!

M(QH)+7)DW(M_%Y6U[8R2AM![Y


M/NZ:&X$!'Z./H+ONY@

O
MCJXH.5\3
''(1:












 LDO2\ (5W%%KHL#40
HLL:^9A
MJR5

9!I@
M!XE134R(UEAV04:#N8SH4R:)4_J




MZO)VLEQ.KZ?5U6

\


M39M/-I-8^SJLGG!W$

WBA)--/2


62AH%



M

*\1P-']XXY0RT?!.

H


S




4GYZW=Y-UOI!
MH8[#U18 9*B53 &


M%.$8
A9Y=LN@% 6ZHU1<^[7@_UG5FY[J2OVL%I.;JF5-

M2D23VS=;)

M))?8


YLNRNS%(D(Q4
M2;,@;0]Y;/\C/$((:H.!D51)[*#:1 1A &B[RK:%/)0E;8)\D4Z(/[C?K*(
QX





MR(--*=V?8U
8)#'-GY$/&((H/16;_=+W@$Q;CND,S_Z[ Z3!NV_R)J.Z@-



M;%8=O3D1[@!.R=SNYWW=CY@9NRX/VGCAB0!8$1:%1(#![4DGPR2]OO#IA5X&



M=\:DV%GDR_+%Q\\B=UT?


^LZ(Z(E-+Q

BX]N=9Z5#$=2RS@8Y6]I+[3FL

+E?1V&-#/:M$78HF4


5W4U5W7\PH!U4

4GBH*]
&



M L.H_F.U6E6+]L&T.RX/UA)

M2[&TRDUGMF_S356IIMY4M?Q4K:((D^7WS6^N#A#AE

8022(
S^\GMY\5T=CG]42=V/#RVD]I+AC:W!Q7G
@ZYM9H*
MH!QABHFMUTC*]%B\0N[T[K3H :9A%*JW:1F% N'8/Q8O(A(Q]';9T3R*?7

M-QYM'Q$($P )8Z%P#F


B
US#VJ)XLI\NO/Q;5Y.IB]H_)8EI;
MTK6I!%M;H_L?$12L(Y^I8]+7/32


&M:AE2 \TR/
G' -:7G6


.'+B;+U;3
M_UF/?S









H@9@IX(@GF+BM/K!-3STI?NY9

 @T44S789)Q:A?8XZUUH+5*WXT7/SHM1K!4\
9*
ML;JR7VZ&;9\99)S(

/H-M




M=B
CQDJ4])L==+AVT
[K0J99D!BUNW4;
-B48_SZ^/+EL1+8A^X+D$0D-)41


MTLC$RX#A5D^MIO)

M#KMNH[=#MP2-I8
I:247*F&JX1@/<)JQ-W5EQ&08AD.&UOBR_SVUL\7
M?TX6A^J*[[@Z2!7G'B68EPP+B!QTFWDHMKS]CDWK[3?$9X=SQ*Z[F%<NNN
MM%$(X1C7AAKN(C:@D2!B5-)/E&C27K8H]
382BMR
_WB\OODV6E+B_KPXKZ

M_0KL?=VS\'.UF
[;S.R[;@M FD

T

M0



M?U;G[4!1R&II+

4.)X
Q2


#KU^#**)TQXZ-(EI/^+]7E/^
614=;





MT-%;R[WB@C

Z 4
M4-(\;@VAI8D'W@4G1


AK
M\V718CMF=



L@IZ498/#A?G'$B




M9W G/BDP@170P#)%$4#

.GR=UQ(R'A
M:0$ &U%P4G%%K8WP
[7=OL6]]

M/;%?7AB
TTA28K4A#D/D(33;
@72WLS=$IK, %7I@PLSO_MC.EM'J<2]
MU_QFM@XTN:IFJ^GU=+*%IRG)&TW C_''T]NHMVH9?W=_5QTSEL<@10811 F
M*E)23[SR4

J

M


M-#V:(7N?\L*1ROG!2_5.[4\C6-M
+_LK'^)#PI

M)

8H] #JZ$EQ$*M



M
P![B[/


^CMM-%K/I[.;0OF+G



7EPFFN !10(<H.@

MK^/C&E?A'BOQUW3YN#A/\;KAGX@[
4!$W?M-8&F8HP@HWBIN[SVX?*11A@ F





.DGB

M%3:J0S.+D3@[2G*Q&[9CYN2G:O5XU-4#(U\\.R#N+/





HR[1




 W4=-U6K
MR5_3NQ^3R]7J*8!G




+76& *9UT#K00&=#A_ZLTGF]=CD0A$*54^VL]H



TN6 #@



WD^7WSY/I(1:TN3T@8)'FU$'D%-&:(TI
([ES(KWQ*1SY
MP6/*(V!'[:ZO(U_I/*CN3W$W26U5JKM?2008L):22WDG=8*49^%M@C2HFG
M.%]_5'6 IHEOOMGK




MM5$[(L63#)\F=]71)*J$I\4-K/%06^.
5U$'AA*M&ESBEP['G6;7&PM.8UM&



&R][K@Z78$LL!\@9A
?)

4M\\9ZZ;306#96I9&V0W6V[ 'V^:?5KF@D'K3__7;^
MQ^3VX'[\TLDA QSYBS!$LA!##

MOW\-T%!B #+4



M

2OK+


M0@NJ*04


;P<GHEDR'E]E5FUUQ*&<Z?18$*#Z/_.(UC_BQOI^L3\/H<5=
MP2

8'8@,8P.V9T2=6G<SJUY/EW<//2V$??CA( *2Q% G'
ME0?::0]XU5&'1?,XHP'LYYG](: -)1<\H13 ;#-'LKD
=5BKU4A]V2[@ 2F








 8:.!U-0X*IA F%:C8_%/(UR


GJZ_F0*6


MMB.!8

=QCGHX'

4S_INOEI

M7$0K ;'XKY1*(ECS2/4R^1:UAJZ??AQ\VR2
=A\.2L3%B5D#O(?& HB%$Q7B
MW
 APSD;9&8
1[@SLS4&E4K6*1P=XW/J1I;NOQ:
)A)+&!UUI[1P(!WA5L(0


MR)SA&&ECJFY+K#.JX9^%\

MH


?#PR7TX-5G@]#6&2J5 
Y2+15$9F\P$T::1^N.8WG/

M)S/MZ$Q0EPW::3CZ'T?]*FSO8Y$8$G]MROEJ

OW
$2'

MZ6: 3D $%+(T&1O&4\II)4EL9//PI('SN/XF*MFI-$=M23Z+=KJ0)?EC#P*Q


=1YV9)-N]A0)P X$RJXQ*]

Y72&2LZ*-3I!O4Q%?-!G

MS55NX


M^I#2 &8

DR1_?@\L



(-(9BJ6E62ST<2V
X0SBEA[%GR
MW*_$L7HA3=8HS06D8GP1H


;N9$Z]6R[7
MQ8U=+R)RV]YN!K9\?IUX=3YWE
%GORP8;Q2G3G
 B?14QK]7*ZUCT39\0[DG
M/;&T;\S'





@
M;[Z,N P3OH__4W+LHX^P_./A9K(JXO,$R)/4J-4^2$T\PY5_C8*Q3%'-R*-

-#_'.U^P61B8;=#I7:('E?G5$T%)8K&4VCOE%*.LRK
M?F

&A+#2$8
F[\^^3Z;CHO%D_[@<1!I3%
M]:I8?IO5U\GB\-^VIEOB$:Q]G$TWCLH8(4&UT-45++<-DQC[DW2]J0^G\
MZ\Z^FZ^B(3Z-MI9:+HO5R:F@5OM@#








AS-*'HOY



M3T\;QQL&*;$T3C


M][_6DUEL4'RZ*XI-'
=GY==W\]OXQ<V'<AO
H-4OTFV'V[(C\YO_7D]F


M7**\P_N[%N]9[&F%X-^)0Y?ASHD@_S%0YT*GH56/?;DPB^)FNDH;)J<+*QQI
M%B3!DD0_VD+/ ?$*^
KLP% 
&1=IYHAOMT*\/71:'=876XBN;JUQ6VQB-W_
M//FV1P\39(SWA(0@1I3A6CRD)IG%*5ZBDK?(:)!+URIC_H!HO$*1\W1OB[
M^7&@ZEVBV.!M@3M%/)

?VG=5N5]]8_R^K/XFOV]FWWCZSVAVVQ




M5M6S;V 

M).8M^]1[^E/_0?;M9^2W-=Z+ZL$7Y]^;?+?)-ZUH/OMJJ]C\Z]_H3ZO'^NV7
M+'M8)33Z7VDJ^9J_HTI;M2DJR9NLV



_RJKUA3#U

HDOQGBS!
MF&%?




7!Q $)L!S89]CK3


M_-3+]QP885U

MU

,\2Q5*1
MZS*$28<C)Q:-E+GA;E$JJ[SXLDN_K^_H*'MI,\ !Q%Y,G)2DP$M@ZHZS3N)[
MH5#AI&;)=,-2!\X:TFKDR*O? (U':5B&G62S;G:F<[Q=*ZK20N_RQ K3;Z\
M[''2R!O9+TOLUW],7MB[_3TAIR$X3V;3ND_P%IBEP(!T-N[-DB.B7Q]8;%
MJ45D]9 D]4B&-#X1


M*MO^_)QUZPP)D$:AI[M.XX7)*'CN^E@+068ZYTY51N3Z=Z5-2S.FA\$J?
MX7E-FY(^61'C9^Z




MW;^^?F7=M#Y:U





M




[
M.'3-XGS+XES(Q5DT)RMRS)&TIXKBLK+Z9%Z?2/O3LBYV;O!U]CTIZO6VK!^K
PK#VNV2Z</</1




ANV]Z]#\I%$1Z!%2![#


MMZT\^1LWIHFA:$J8.7CR^6 ?AH-Y0!NI%[%=3B80YYHK#1@
X=)R@$E73R8

=.Y_:=B


MU F&%T4
R)SEX0
MK7;,  <71^1+-XOS'PN@U9O2S%@3J\O.6#XJE\A!L1M$OD$!1BF?MR_+<&.
M?XX\D?I

1649-9XI

1U]GTNFP9


M




8(

HIU[DS^681KA-47=8M58X7

M7@-*R84Q7;SR2=@
E(I)V7@@Q;!.MAQ-X^/NC+9I)G\9&J?;J=+H@)73O&?3
MVU




MH#T?1O08 7$;AN6JU27EM_DEJ.
3IRE8$Q.EY6B1N :ILKD
[5'VXM2E:$JL



GEOJE^



M=A5\? DV\!S/1P$!T X=QPT#Z/@ABKW0M3$M0GE[&Q2MF'L$6V!O;Q@RZQ#:







M[L  61VBVOJC R4H[0H4\NGS-.P)BFR/R3ID\#*!1M3V)#]G)%.=TV7HG@8_
M2MVC37


MV

M5T7)WHOFLE3(=&$=5[Z0ZW !Z*5M98*/]2[';L-^6M]91GU54G?8*O.LT0
MT
D3F($H+B)W75F=9S]LTNK@3Y.O! ?!7RY5B?IO+DM)16*J!/5W^L&F?K?[
MV
KT*@* (@R=(*3Y
M4\:#[:PZ_9Y7ZX(B76&81BD*+0=/R9!

(1U[B18F=X#$!(8X'M[J
M2B'QG7Y]*MWQ2O7D


MA.
[@A




7])


FY;U0I]F9WCYN5GS@)@H


I69EI65(L:C.T
MN)Y%'X1A[





A1-&GVI9^2(*03)BNH?V?8Q1T^_YEG]6+6B1JK\WQ_SW?JI


M^9*8Q8X__H\BK^B_OWMZGW^E]+)B$SAIZKK4I.U#XB
 HV P[I(X220GLBHF





M3BLGI@5H=,<K(FSR.?%DUH9@2R;%G1(=.L7-&A90)788&






M 7)]]82EWX;BT53S\;$F5NQIITNVRF- YBGOF&6.NDZ(J645=&+03U1R$O[+
MR






]5!PHM8TDE;G4YX=R5Y?5LU
I
MJ6BY 



MFIXM


-]_?Y0%$8.3+TT
M!*&#80 'Q0BQXW)=\27^K8:?ZAZ
8



M
#)/N1@Y'$^Y




MWSL=+I%G7.K
<E1%==



-[%2I
M;\*8SIG^QL&QOW9TR(B?QN'2MFO \\-EH1GQ?!B-9D5-(^BODAEUT:$].VJ-

:.'P$78Z'S::? 8SK/#2Y8'2R+XNK$[+D;W;U[
MG2?6Z




M*5
+]\H: 5L
L?4

M4GY)89
K_

%9SY





IK&KI)22-B=8%RWL+0V-\H2+F'$WK00S9SQW

LK(2SSXCMVH]&X'


0*!0'[AVXZ:[P//&*OHC(N@/;!)I?1U\




M9
2E?9)QL.BT
 T#?EEPF@HIJ/Q/)/^2ZC0/
:[C;O=E1\\^XDJEV=KQ(8

@R1R?0UI1PL.P^EE@&-ENXWUT.)\LMX4+?*?K%]8

M2G3XS&LX=TC

M6+RV&HK5^L; 6D6+ULK'0SH;H?/F3




MQ.RC

Q3#3
J]^98QJ!
0NE+G(SI$T9HK?^4_*
M



9-G%AD-7(IT@+ 93




M
-5[(A

M*DQ#+TK=
/_GK8<YJ'M3FLE?5EE
%Z72H-


9YE$6

B@B/Q]1
K38=*4&MD6.

Z
MK1LX(BP)]




!T-IZ

7]*K

7HJ$SD;7:]FP[EQ7V29G]U:T






M.D(MAP;
&ZX31FA6-F(3[!XR0#F?NLW


#A

MUW*^$C!-%
]+XG(B9^[$YP


TO8%Z




'V3@./9!Z
M_K@
.6=56=4E&BFR5J,8GE&D5^^9#$!IU**
MSW -$DYY/ #'Z*2#G@[SYLGZ2/]18Z4TJS^PY^;*2K^OMX_MO<,?BFT[#_Q[
M5N\_S_[@NF'#(Y_-JW<G^7[C&;KB=






MQ.I4PR/W@
PM@J]I$Y(_!=:7*GPJ+EV4/&6^Y
7N7=^AQ8K7T*7JBB//;V\1


\JWU1


2D8#^\)Q<[3


0B5N=ECJ=0YGU--

MGXU2O^A:'%H:VY)U;&$4DUMUYOG$=1JVY:;R/31V)DD/SMJCN[):?-
JYB6V


MD]CUPA00%Z41'HM;C(4N\%6W-JE@%@




.=3LTYEI

HJGJ0YPW+'





M::HHP1QS6&
Q6X@J&W?SQ.S7
*\\=W
/4
I;7.Y8EPW]#?VI+C;]Y:4KFX0N
M!+%#($R3!
96=D%GE!;T]


M$W5?[


MYHA8


#%
M#DPC)PRC




MF0TR9H6FIYJNA'GS.+P


M\:



MNJ%#/ ?9) D 3


D&=E.:03PZGH$]
]628
Z)K)Z@Y


MBJ;%,])!Y_R]9]%TZ!\1W^MJ10LMRPOKZ:6O\UO[_)JU5HIR!U$A38!/@(




-2R6E9%F8^%$
ILW*G/D0?Q85?0?=)^D

?I(G^Z&?H(UQS^PW<15B!T_L ,,7==/8AC@)(@&[%X0<.WF+PNQX<0U +NR
M'ABT5N3R =Q\J4PAPM.GMFFNXA4MQ\NK;-7[2?3B^-E\?GO9 @GRH?J0^BO

M. L-.


R).B(U8X_=X5_T




M#_8W_TISR=

M?UV/IW
YA*;+P(






MWSMH'7CX?&6HW5L9O)P]
^@


TZIF) *4VBV7CO&#D^=IL3JPNHS-5].U64:&.(5



+R6H



M(Y-:B5^&
NIUJ30X4




ZIM\?

MMJSRZ^R[LR*)BWT?!)@$



%S+EQFM/_ ]?8C./@2%?F77L[7N=?WT[<

M4(:7*PAE/BGJ;@&!G55[JF7C?W2==RO?\=TX3$
$?8_C%
AHE-Y'H1DNA;


)IL\U







M)WY&$;VT6&
B%C^2A IZ)J6@

M+@3Z 0RB)TJ,=@E@1_S7LBAQYKI9?E.'HL6I5AAJ9'1\S(X#YFXM?QV $\

'


75?H7GM%4X;E/_WWQVQK




'

[FZJ?X 8Y:Y@W3





M^5D\
Z4P$8MES!N


M_MNV+DYA'!'LQE% O C&.$!N.!@C81J*U*F2)@R+_(O538OADIJKRS+(5XA.
M0)Z8H
OP9J38/
[

4^0A%?NK;:8I'


M@ROK.?QVD_G0 ][(F;L65)GK

M1\% %T4Q.8QJ$/_










B9GF
MM%+

MQ@8H61)3TVTX%B#


M_5$MY =13!:;\DX
I;^:3*M:122E#VFG#R_ R^]W.($J=%G(\U-%=R'3^F&R


M$F?7M=Y'TI )B(448C7N[RNAV'5=



Y


LH3G%



MQ?LB25D4Y!1AB)(X@R&
LF&N%H0)\\UT5







5)/*!$

M$T3KNR4&EZZ\WB.O=6DNVRB














0:URCW0QJGV54DO#6K-PS39GN_+78&!K@VD[(]O7D21!

;(QPW0?'5BKN0'LM
Y[J/C=)0[9D*]Q)KV.-<L!K--FO8\5!KIVF!3<?_
:9(6UH:M

M:&PR'067XTGB89O'DW%2M]?CX(XW^//DMZZ\SB6O]TEF[\?T45;:J#.[ .MM


M$F8DB##Q#P+K)TJ'A@U-N5:W 1

F;YFB=)Y=#);SCR_;]4F






M%8C7R469\*UUR%MRCX:*PO@F#;L14UK-F4.H](KKIW=L=. ]@;Y[=;S%[PD'
MO-Z#^;T_KL*X4G)P$LJY9@0WSEY


M9]1[:HV^1*J2+EN+T%RUV)Z#%_77
I?ZFBL$_@T0G\MB^:UL!JB'[R]2X/LX











M
SW:34#FT9\=^5:/T:0=].631:T(HAR#(


MT)LWTX -EK1SPLWCE_).M-!GYE& 6)X2&

M^F2/UU#7M


=


:3P\J:?\=A3D^M.63DP
]4=G4;Y73SCT:FW
&
KCAW2IM][8\F/VG9S4E3LKW_4K]M+$IRGW&( 04H31C%F

!UR57



M!D%VV


 P82P@,8L2A ];K/HE@C


D%=

MWE4;X2HI^


I5RRUU7_'FL46=9
6



M9EO\=ZPI=*F:M) PBJ]L]87RWJ_V?%RY5.]KI85=V1X.S'V,24AU$:$12&
M&8(T;I\0R]. Q5!6H TLN)//(RAO0#79&Z-O$W1&:BRP.@\AL.%(;;W%J74B
M7NDWW-*JE8/6YN/Q)3[L)RFW%Y.(@8F$?]/-)BDA *5,ZU&AAR?27V3:T.


2/]V



((^1'!(
4X@8/Y#
=4;01G




M'J8I%!?UI80


M!C0/4&\\RK'Z#9U6C#I7MP%G6P


%4K/ ODRM9XX[*J6N7U

:
M7_8/#_7VA=C&- CB$5^2*(,HQ!;#BM$45!*#F:M6;.N=ZU*+T#3*_'*?^B

MOA%893
(][U-P$?IL49
IAK<YGH':=8Y/


RC:+;OUO-5
YCW1Q//N



MK_
.?CRKVT23'%2D\7:U=^J/BJQ
&F#9I:79Q59U]6GTL#I:F[(1B+/+5Z-&





MI%&0DC!K%PP2/\FR)$]

[^BE&&H.G



MM /E($F


M[XLYY^[YU%U5-@L:\O:

F9.:5[CC]?Z(
MT]ZOOP.\OI!RIH^O_#U@<XZSWI5A7[]5C5=VQ:W+1_XKW8G_;Z57C6LN/RT

TF.W3P5'9-Q3^;V[/Z$#S5Z/+R2Q'
MZ)4Z8\IV
/V59Y-Y7D_?^ULF800 AAG/@@)BF*,DNPLXPE(4CZ+9/YQFS

M-(U0AA&AD+'6




$^2

MB*0
[=

7+C:/QJZ
M@#YBJ0\92G(6H(Q'$6#93_'2N]RV+#G6O%76^-N.M-30*M
FG?6.3J9Z


M?NH'/DM8YOMIF&+:P0EBS

[!M1NN/S][@=SB
M0^]&
9%+I+

=.^G(HFJ


$FZ1&QQL!E$:*)ZS

MB19=





M#( TP7@H[:(H)$!658V



!^+A

;&;LE2$V$UGIR

;*







M[S'$&6'I\*S@5W41LP- J@
^?37PJ\851/7FYV71?#L*6W7_4%3;=KF!YYOM


M

Q+


MNZG


9SXB



M:EDV7^KU:A%G 0I@##



MVBU0Z-.4 @BR.$



!P!&($8QHP/XS@4 ;E&$1*
M9S
<8!R?;
6YQH'GOYWP_!2D
MEU_@V=$5C3+
G9MZM$O]/%3-ME
O;GMTP)GJBVE9?7]3;=J-?B?/N_1[I45=

:U697WG5OV@Q:


%9!?'DJQ/3%K#WLUBS2F+/990 @*@C
M $
T&(AB(%4Z:GRLZ_*P0]

:-#;O2N
M8I3E2.;BQ:?.O2*E!@Q
?[FB+O#:./IJ56/_K-_F[OCNWR)  4I\KIZ ?SCU
MDPC%Z6 ICT&H



M84%F--4^
DG+FUTW7

M!=



]1

M5Z^H
6V[


M98OW.15@UGQZM1RSRYALOSPH0CN/'-

00Z&X$?$@I5EHC4




0:X/Z_?FEPX7UJ/
'6V#42+P[(88-Z&81XGGS+L7FV1<LFA)3X\8?BWNR[Y@












MU3T)&64Q@!DXG-)C
)1=-[9A:^Q)ZE?*V/;*0H4+B&TP?'GI=VQRU122H_OY








M/HCT\-I;D/C\7B$GVF^%_#
98-S@SB
/C.QS/65W4BSZRYO=ATVSV[:+J]VK


MC'M/ /6.2!7?/32B4[(
=\RDFL1:(M%-]?R2J7

@J

M%
Y:J7%$W;[R_P3Y,<!@2D,0I YF=1F V6\RQ%5A1/P=X<


3WN<65/B]HSHN@V5/.03,<^
MUF,V?I=R^V'S]8_Z_Y3%MEFP - L@!$(8^SG$8O*#^H?RCW;))S$
Y%-_!=

AUN;5F1;S9EMV
M@&+@DPC')(-Y3-

A2P\+) 0@I6VB#B$X5Z/@6


48AH#-* YXTP.:SC$+4U

!Y(MZK)ZX-ZG+&OX::C*NLPZ$^7J


0

M@YH$SU+K='TY+VA&#
FJUO$^CM



ME$.EZ=G9@':MI1R:=RO6



MGLD_LVM.\TAE\Z.EGKD


R!T^]0R
1OK[C1/E:Z


@FSPKZL%VG!X/



M[07]PBS%+%Y'J=YEOA9]PAS$*,0^8J/(MNTK*);6E=,]V]'FU[JWMWM[O7


MUYDYHS6&5




H\S/21*+R; 6#$9YJ+1]UQ&$\7MW!U;U[3$W_
N-
V=

M=;/G?0'?-+MML=PM

1WW


MYXD?XR 93)$X5RK6M R






'*N




M89+3

:^M3-0S4


MIR_%O?#8E1

H3T#27I/6)U-$6
M1QP:*8PL?2

M%)L5J[?B+93OY3#H8JD?LC2/8X)P$(0




#5MF&[%-S9MF%8\

M6 )@X+

M6ZHR27+%L;)
V!
M8-

MY;9^-7-U6
2O# N5-$(H\8




M
#J 2%
F=2VT(]/.)Q #_]D$HDYN=

M-
V^7'W8X/W=OMF=6

P2R)(@N00

MEY[LQT
F


3^&+ 0(


2DP:CDFJXM3@
M_/A4F-\;DU?-63Q#?J7FYB[0\-8


M$\($3.NE!3N



A(P =UA]R .47 ^R8



MQ-2'61S'ATVZ




9U
M4= C\T0
O:K')E+1V6YAG4S)9#\.CXJI_0F%'TXHI*
KR]L$G4O9YJS.0W5L
M./(\'=OB1O.%O


MJ?=EK!ITK%(=*N]A@.4]=+B
WM'3I%9.J49G54VS7KR$U3-\@.A]NL#P&
_O




M%^WB9ETNLHBD&.9Y%J=)YF=^XL=L


7'AC*LR
M#_/*[


N3.;
G@2[FIZNV3%8LH
M1GZ 


'




T]@@8%X

-;/.QS0M-J]IP8F'Y+[W\(SGPTVXUID-'XED






MXB*.?_ST$3K7DDLW9BS)JN%7' K7@]]+(NF;$BQ%MMMOGPKRQUNFG+7D
=?
MBO^JM]FZ:

'5JO@RN6%UK
M7HN85S

M^[!9UO?=

R4;BNT;7OD

1#HU2;N1(F-5RAD%P7\A=9E.VDK
8E_DIIU7O


M'*7L
&9/4Z*VS&+-K/
UE@-2@WM'[)$L)YR3L*NFF#U$/K ]P7CE]2B] :;7
MXAQ7*&79.Z.0U@

THA%



M$Y0!(&:\!N

JNK4#(#? FB(%5$36A
MW\DH4([0
X-!RQ&9QYC0ME.UTU9L4SG[U\R#-$[\#

49
!/\RS)?#*8IBQ3

M):N1!XNLWG:+#Q_KINE?9$^C
(WB%%# $C]B.$09ZTUB'\C=M6#%D.LMNP
V

PC2&F
M(


(

OMQS
LTK[C^*[6J1Y#AB




M=:#\ VVN.$G3;6/)R07'8ZPY37/*1(I+[34GU5C
0S$M^Z2TZJ3'F!U5S+X5

X !B;-87/K=0_&C&#N1:C4(
M8RIUB^PPO^A$I17YMRK2[HB?4*.?Q&R6 OV$=G-]UHOBNY)G31?UU-F$3TM[
M7'E/6/:7L*4IX^4[3@!!:1[!.#S





*E. ([B=
)=N]B






?


IX)RZ]GD5FE#)L!4AN



ME?7=MGCX5BV+=7O]=13Y ?93DN:


\


0IJ)FMBX
M3EY.3]ZBXBT]
:9N!GIB[D-MLS')Z4E[/G'[N/CMRP(E&(80A)3%_'


M* MR'\4Q]:-L



 XIP%$
1Y$A*$!T-!3A4O[5+^^%'%3FV;






M%OJGF)[


MC[I;ZR'PMZBC)LH.%N8D0G 9*LS'R5VVKF)R3Q4U9%O&BLUN@S*3=\+IL]


M53$5[7HS%]9:N\S\A0(U;TQGN!W^MD-)U[5;IND6B7_VV;U_[/WKLV-ZUBV
MX%]AQ,R=.17A4TT2?( SGT  /)6W\Z3S9KJJHN=\4- 2;;-*)MTBE9FN7S\
M7Y(?D@ 0()DUT]W593MM[;47@(6]@0T@K^I=?LMON.UO$UPY?@@R
L//.J&






?M]0YAE+BN+UM7(VU@@O(9CDGZ38UML1+
M7XP2)5_ATLYLA@@A=L2]!6QO&;E0JV*

F+O'K(

FV6F$7NL2VB8<AC0 *D1T/
MMF$(J=SJO1Z;QE?N&1KKL8?35
%^9WA_S8M?GUK$BH(WCFE)R9N
8F71XPCY
M/DB'L2&:4S_ G$GVSC$G(GQ:F%^8].GQZ93X:61






M'+/VX?%I5W[+FL*I583=
*2Q&X7(C2(217$X6 F1Z&$9U4\WOK'VL7F)E_TG



M7)( EP!D1[YGHS!@T7@H5!*K$;8,:Q3Q]Z(O0&G*1NC2%24+(FXE!2K8Y0


M

QR' % 4


/NB@64[ 9V)73LB
T5Q:#V!4A'_
]YVT]

P-R#(?+&&FC

CEB
M08
LL2CSK/^D/K#

MR M\&CE
:6


M2 W

SPX\F0V7D:8,[[6<
M7&U4VF@92ZO,QNTDCKMY2Y&_Y353A/#R] V7<Z\NS6LB2


AF0\ID'HC1:_E2?90#I57'*_R=;R:.9?0N%GH


!#!2*%]4



*N9F62S


G(P(D6)H



@$:ZG?B+G!7=G

X8W\7M@F
&LJC^G^8;?&.R'OI\0#Z'02WP'^@YQ![V-

M# 

M]F*C*E/KPPLBSNJ#&F5+T0=%]&_T80P+BO6Q+\HI_I*EV_H!EVQN3^^SW[/'


E


V DBKQ/EY(35




( @ #;R:.!&
67_!X=Y(' \
MX](K!





MN E!%^_J




(KKIL;Q%%5976U






A]N7%\WO
SX[?*UG^^+[_]

M8Q22(
$DB6@
!$3*Y.U?PA^0CLI8[.(KZ^^=NVO$VW_<='CALD04)!R((H8T#.@0
M)!ZD$_Z0PVK0(M%<OS+







H@2 WEA  9 I
58T87PQ
MLZJ;:S\XKBNK/9LJEZ6.Y?\QDY(G^RIPIS1NJ5W^?F'7711.8RZIC'.E%J


EIRFQ

DRPDU#OI53=&KQX+0)?:LV\5ZWB7=G*R048-N)
M*4ABST;():!?Q4P22(67%]4M&-;)YBHGJT-FK?NE'^D(; 2%EP/6:=B3$[@%

8







D:B

MGVKV(








MQLJY

'JILF9UV*FDR/ABI_];97]]Y[9I7R(
MWK _;J^TQ)[M^([O IN%IP[$-$*AX/ LW'@ :FWEU5M&%:K RRKP65Q8%(W

\E J=2H).7O^KC
M=+$J).O'91U28D9HG^:!]:F'-&\/#_8W[N8V#:!-(EB2&R'@#JS7@1$7[E
CC!A6T1Z;-8S&G0*4C&.R\OJ.AF-<BJ[& ;%17<R)M7$5YU1

-2W

[#DL3U8X;94KR!3)(U

PMM.NA=QE*;
M%D]*_9U/R[#JEO@ =F

DM2-


2LB2\M
M3


O'V[QHLJG/NS(I=X_IA^*._Q?_
MT9?L6U;LL^N[1IYW6?8U9ZP=:35):_9MO4^WJ\ FL1=AVR40$A1X81P/$IS@

8?Z\BA*ZMO
M5Q82]TY9%??J.+BVN%]75NO9/#&SMH81)^G[P3+FIF]/]$4#U72^B=A&BZ
RX(WSL.L)//)G)-]3H.<U@W_B9
MIC:3-C-<
;;163+]YT5+O18[NK\7PW&M-B0[&G'2]:;+38*8Q\$T(^3V
$H


!Q I@X3N1[CNW09$A*


6Q8JWNL%@
[$/MTEO
FND.9:AL69<*R?HSO*KXB\7\+^Q
M&+TLTNW1&OX')O]YNCUH?'/L\VF;U=E![7NX;3X\ASB.(1B&P 4AV&(@#_L
;A)V'AY';P<?KXXBN2OK56@NOXH\3Y\07^M?




M%&M8\F;C[K%[=^CR-K+AUZ7.

MOKG9I475+@
YJRBTXSAR@]!S?#?$('9#?[CLQ@G&GM]2-VQXE+X 9M4'9*.K

3G-.A887O)^(\#[5$7E)SF4*Q0?WQ3+T$@SKETNZ-;%G_#=?FGU



M.$(N0 G[%@8L1D-L_$J]?3SCN%1TT-KKFCDX*S;Y^X^\C\:@+(O((^A5Q
MF8I-N0!D!)%F7D(^S=*9\$$'M\N(#K1X\OH]9&WLR+S-GF_R=/?\-1WL-D_
I13*T






@!8J:--&_:G*M^G;=OX88@ZG


OKC)JS?OOZ
MH=SE_V(J=?2+Z)&?U)*LY=/7(((E?;.TA&1E7]
$+4BK16FU

BM
MGMJ(KDYWM:H
RUN5&?2O 0J/__B-WEIIS53X/B^:O+*\LYZS=#?W*'_#GM20
]<
ORMCE]_NF[PI?F[^D?7M?)T_I46]H@X%

F




M^I$6Q1N%8$(%K XXQPK@.-)5!=$\T3
)Y
&QN?7Q'

M&CD4.0/P%@#)'GGEP=-#OF:I^[XMI:O:_9 5C@!$7L!D'F
[HA% 





M^U@4RGG,,NDVGSP0I\VV!V5%9AEF&-
X$4TXH9Q!LRQ/


R#! <T<B*:A$)V7_Z78?$25B^WJVA


(P=U)LD
?'&

@


MZQVSFB?JMNTQWP4EW0K\2VFSR?9=JH@;]?FBVIMG7.?Y?S?TH1]2@%P_P90Z


M2=Q;!R$$.FY54K


M

2YA6V!U=UF%Y&9I5
ME=
@M:9D\W/ZS/$N]RR\HCJ.:XJE2N-(KV2.O2NS-F*!?5^QGU05+A]O\Z)9
M3*Q0L3E^N$XUK4#)W$3&I(04P*C(
^274B)QZYXZH7B^'XLP?+'Q@;T(ZN
MP-/;&JJ:.E]#:-?:H9F.?)E;::7HE=M&





?U67=;I5'J?R!J5J@&;^ !M$%E5 VGV4?B&
M'KDAJ


M$P \'PWK?:&+@N7
ZVKXC4_H)Y?9ES.7*[;\_).X^29?R.Q]]
V_SU0]?F-G
M*3WIWW]R'LG/A+.RCI84G8X[U*C8M$\1E%6]R^I\U]0PO76R^IBGM_DVK_.L


3U5P-N(QI:#;ORV4

ML5V?263HL:Y O
Y

M[P1X51_A5=GZS_?EM_]@7K;!'?OB=4QWBH%W1&4T6?.*R'CXI:9.(RX2-[MT



M2G& .%7Z(H%7))P-!50)FU\@1N)_$PR
8T)$


M\/]LQ*'&U/PB
0K]FVAC# LBTMOBMZPOU@1+_*IBY 3Q![F,@1XA7W[\8EC
M[UZ(/VAAL5@6
#G8
1%0(Z7RZ/?&6*.T=GV= QW(\=/C'.E3B9?XKP2Y'

M$Q_XYOA25 !1JG2*P0L2+JB&F'+D0=%_._HQ!@F9 3CD(HD[?5CE1%(0

^?RK1.

RA1%A;REB8J2#R=E19T1$6%!S-F
M
;9-[UGT P$.;1\F.$Z\A/@PI/WG$T2@J)C(?:IA 1G 6!R-N&1(4G-9)LRQ



MXV$$?6 '@0



M)!=65:U
(Q

MB




C&%-
@B?W8PYZ3M(9B.P:!
MT!':$1]O7#N.4%D-+.L/#DQ0/\80=UY )N)



V3IPA
M#7%A%
4RBQ&'VE8\R\\-SR*#+%5!0,\R.GR'\N7WP&69*59:P&R((N1_4$





M]QNBP*.!L_J6[6Y+T;$]-UH903AV3%@2CI W;XGF19W=[]K=O*Q%.;%$&*;\


M%]A2AP2
 C$\OS2X^G7AFB.ZLHJLJ9R_RUBG9&GP;59D=[GLTIC9UA%;4%M
MP\A-2@-LJ\5C
4 61VZ]A'YEM:W'(X(&_M'O\W;\G+'/+Z2NDAF?EXSA_$S2
M
4E3+B.CF

9!2'


TM?ABVL*;7&WA[=#TAU2_?'8'[1]/NV

MO=%Q6F4;?C\D^TG:[YRM

 EZH #$VE-1S? 

MO_H-@^XZ]E]ON6_6L7


2WV=^FZWN_X

MCG;/%68:
^SKG&+8#W%9\/-


M1UP'.V!89@-8ZBB801B+6:5J\7
-[SP8?M7@6I1JV^F3\0F:S928CVFQV73]


;I-6C]+
]SB45LI1#;%D?1SG
MF) J:N!.^*J9K*C:8X&-^'XNJWJ7U?DNXP)





F[=#



MV$%


6W\T2T.U6JP3OPDEA*?9V8L^VS#'TW[&
Y98^7TV*2

MYHR7E^5=[ZP#5O[=\K@7GTUF; .UB45W6XC


5D-*&51


MJM#AW4+ Z&^_@:07#J:JR%&K/I;!#A=24)GLXM


4Q]FSQJ4G1@/$IJ
-E

M4&KL






MX:6.T2H;
:RV':Z^I'9

FD1U-Z#)RV?%N





]AT\[Z
G ^Q[-J#$M5W'@=G
 $]M


MK)4? %IIS=^4:
=Y^YO*ET8:;+;+*U.+;#&YV.;-#9_L7Z^LI@G_UHLS_YG5

M[_+INTJGXEMMAD?;KF+\V['I]R
.!
*0@




MW93
V%-Z).-FEVXR*^TP6KL!Y)6US:K*2K?;\CL_FU/Q=:__/?BS9]V5.XL/


EI$7A7+3N Z+QF?S#J25M2BK9HKNWKYJ

M*2+ W=F2+'W
+V.4:?7H3;&6;K;D%KMZ&]A-B


 :3'E3?3KC9^Q'.]FG6TG*65

]WVY7( :N37R *

M\T/
(+%BT_;DG
K-YD=T]A






ME'?6EJ%LQ\GFW#C1QZ!@*&28/



6M#AQH$IP?4*!VX7HS$@GSJQ2*'

M.-*X([-1%%%
 84^\1T_P4&0#)O6MB.W+#K:F&$-ZO%9=?I#-H893Z28&DW*

M.:.$P=NX08Q1&)AR44ZD@=Q1AA9I*5C



+$X&0&
MF=(1AZ\/Z2[K_/D__C?H.N'_W1R=K)\EJ[DF;C0Q/5MP:\E)XK$C_V=7Z7IE

-A&^
+!\?
MRZ*!VEZ&%W@1=AS'8[9H$
'$/KI

MAP9SA@6E1VAE'40Y5='!IYC.3$REG/(
+/;HK%^.\%D=P(E/_U]F[(PN::1[

(Z\

MHGA

N[=US 99
M%)76W_.BW#4);YO$KAP?$QS8 $*:A !'+'
=XE$;(*'7.)4_W+ XLKS]U^-5

4Q









T


U*OGN5QT()97OMG2VH=E4QOQE8:
MD^N9:BVY;$^.O(OYGJ&V6
#T9]S%=W
^HWS*380LM^1HSB!)6(?OTT]*'3NB
M#@D=P/XG0('O]T
!!ZP

2^2$S<S9-
M;1+9#DC@(@I)Y!%@$T!!XK&$M0-8F@+'9
R:'[:;$9K +K/.VT*@416L#




M'XK_N=\^'YE'Q89NCT(
/16
175RKGX/#D7]VHS
6']@[?!BTF._R?KVN!1PQPGP<^)6<P$P_//4T:\*LWV2YU'TS_F
M1?:ASAZK51A[P'

L&9F)?

7SST!&O)(ZS:[*




MZ-]Q[X'
^+\VV[UAB
MZ37R0F '+HMM$$Z0,UQGD'B.CZ2NI%7X?EMD;]2\FB\W Z@KJSFDR:^6U9J





\:@ZM &.V+1#'2\
(@\/

M.'%F%ES(E+__#*,B],JK[X^[;)T\Z%8L_^JLNOB;^DNYPM=S7*PAX%+/]Q




M9-0%$&


M\F\


7-5OS-['LJKBY[]DF_N\N/^2;9NYMGK(GYJ1[F'H)C%U70_[
MKN]#P
;[
(UZ2'(9VQ (XP.R V8=(UO

EI4&.++&T
FW%28.K4SJGP

M;Z'3=)SY/7K.C
EQ=YCR(WTX?4!9PV,J[NH:$P3S0!O2X.E!]'.YL @(
MD0.\!#G8#2(;8TA[N






M@/6+




8G40GZC=S


:T[.&/2\R#9Q
M5K OZL_\GUD&6;1_\[FLZEU6Y[N
9Y.?V2KAJF*H!@A%T9^Y'0V W\(:6


M;3Q'4!L7KVD[]45N)3LGS/!9]'N8$:$6I:ERIU+NN/!6)=$Y!I3,$^)8

: E\;S5N33W:LT@?

ME!48C3)J@6CZ4TO%S^!]LQ?2[76!SC; C;L C5V@
PQPR\!/K6UC95C-2JA1
MSI
0IHVR1V]L-ZD?:H__.OT^


((ZHAR

MV.+P$P.SBO'@35T'^3%2!X%.9%2RH*;_:%JZ^/\9P9$+E\\!Q'O3WRKJ3Z!G
MF3@_U8^&1?;C=*6Y/1)YQ$
A)@Z





5BZQO##!A+K8
MAA:DOD/#T(GB &((;2ITP4X3)


:
MZ3:Z7'1





M5-?9KEY1-L? GN

M5






-N$K8;W[]^(G^DWWL





Z89R]


M:


^9^/Z3:__9X7=ZC^9[:YRP:EJ5V;X#A

HZH%9.+9EE5^4!$?Q-LRH^G5[0\#!$I#6H+5%S:1.EC?GAZL%

M
P4

3PP&LOQG?A209JF _
ME

L*[7




MC$6I8:A_)N$$VJQJ;ETPOQQPAA0'

M





X-=3&L)@]K X@0TPT
##32]



MFV&Q%9X$_E:L!Q?XP



MW]E
4/

M8Q\85OK#:9W7S1QXE5 ?^8Z5P)BE(DYB!4D8!=@-

-RZ(I
M^7P T#Z[TA].;L\FKUR'.*$30DIB!SEN@B/+Z:%0SDBJD$@&*QOR81YH#
M



B#3R/%'CSA[.8=@
H9-ES.G3A?
Y



M+E J97&LH+:KHR^U1QW^Q)(/20@#R!+/&
;]W-Z& 9]0CZ].-[T5(9$4KTUW
MP_\3


M8Y[M9$CD2+P:Y/67M

P)CM+3)&'I8@;6]Y]YL: H37\7D!O3U=(
MI[$(-;M/;MXT0C)7CFC\4OYWXR@L)CU)\M#+N&%.6&G*UK4@&FP73UPP#4/





UZAB!/Q


4B;XT-RJH
EAP)B*=

MLFT:^;[E4];7#[



M(86 .9G&(\)E3KQJ(Z% WE\O[\W,P#?J)[@I$JKO\['.%-=-3.( ?Q$!MZ



1;/'.84886YZ&TK!!

MO07% L&!\5V)8Z$0?


M(+W+X(KX+H2);\5A$I' 3S!
HJY)2'Q;\-S#K*:4'V X@.$S=]8'ZG*;;YHA




MRNLNX[?I#WI^J/)4;/[S





YQ@7W]3J





M]

MF@I_:(AI9KA35Q3X1*-D4UP!7)V;.O:DQ#=1(E_6_%-V+J)$6X:BX(Q[K=_
M7/_C)OV&UKN/5?DUKSF:;5M\COVX@X*S(KO-=VW(C6S+^W$(7'@DLBB-'+Z
MR6

9-;*C=F0_@SUQ='



K;/.R3HP



8PX#T+1#/$GIX0^3O*HZ4#13PT&#1


M4



P






M1

H8;4=27
EI&E
)



QG93'+-2





M+_ISB2@\KV/]X*%Y)CFZXK4

K(RC2!YW




P+

$:#)







MI?8=@P*F

(JE1Y:=4KQ_O[]/J.[BZ!0/(X( 9]* %XY@D
MTD=&(OUL\:2\]PN6,]V''7GE%PN]X9HL62CGJJILY&'=ELA_O5[7D$?(:S




MU



M%71MNPXA%/N$^+[C.



6=_GG

2;/V$
MBL629S&C.9#;000-QH42[%'
G4FPY3)O1H(MV:877AR7S9B\XUCOF19?[K+[
QC:N.0. [V8HA]V.P/3E'LD:WZY!Q[(X:-@EGY42, /KR?<2[I
M3C?'ONR#VNI\8+R UM;[HR<X]9P:FO/T:R36^)
+Y^-*[-
^ 375/9&/S=?
I^:'ZUUD[DYG+Y-R,O%RJ14\?LY?.UNCEA_:%!OXV
MSM.IP8=LM[+] 'K$H











O59%BWLM
6?7
M\02Y
R-1%8?];'5NDMWCK\K4;.3]4I8;/A2OL^IKOL[JZW*[83-H)XG9O)D$
M$;



M
4_'G$R.Q@Z_]V5Q=Y-5]R3[O/LUW3U6^2[/ZD_90_ND3GUU^[%B'2]_X(_G


+:137 00B= !S H&'6=0C$$]6(+58OM



MB&



M:!@:V78#..M8!WK[+L#G[X//@=Y&

KEDH@=

5

F:Q*JH9*DF




M-'62-8=AT7F6)G+G+B$=F+X OU1L/+2_6&JZ=9JU43
N:2;H:5R33HY[Y+&
MER2UV\\#5S *+ =9MDL#)XZQ9[LVVHMM3*A$Q1O?J%;5V\-2IGP;$M1/S5$
CC7,7R/5WS#4ZD+*F^I@:DI:W7UF?!H:)\S(^::2L[3


MI/[A G)KUK*Q6+!#_6WL@O^B/P)



-LR*JJ'.7CJ@JO&IX1&U-_O$BZK$K
M%XFH$WO3CQY1I]*B+:+.\MOR$34IJ]LL'UJ /(]!3B+?BB@O!^B%U.HMB&WH

#N]6_WHD78&

7W8GLCI^[$



MAJ*
MX5.E\GVO/(
Y4/9&?*RH2L8$AH[%(9N@.T0DL#:GS]W79(X6NY#S05I

R^H:;SSJ
279CEF@28@IN



J?+Y\'B)P

MC\MB5Z7KIS]&]^5CL5MYKN
DEF

MLF]

M9J1LQ

EHZ:)@1 Z5A

<EI1'L!X-* N0]U]7_#A _5?Z
&(FH21I/4/9F=14



[1 F[7E






2-'L9#
BBVZC






$#5#-=RY&TG=&0F4[P SME&[5



MR0K+5)E5[X_S@FN4(R9*[\O\@QX[0+OATHB %FOVU/A[YL9X;-J%\V'0?.@\










9)=^).!Y #UBZWG9S4


MB1
$

M\#



LW/A[W
C7#*-)I
L[1HJA&C$B5!3@[Z
^P![]E7__%O







MLC8D_ZX*'??N[[/1:E*$
?=^7EZ%.J


*]_3U
^/V(1^7LW$Q+=9M
M!'




9K2X\=/RCX_+\*^H





$S:;K@Q6[ZVV8C@) L^MF:_:^

+Z.7'32VNY+YF
FM7TU.^CO

62U^



2K!C6[Z.]=


)W^!!W7&-G$V*AKPZI:VSR;3^\] CGE.:






O\4E*?#





M=4YAI7@-GR

?BP2+2*Z7ZF--:T/+3X]@6<.W/&GODE%&ETSNP7.ZIE3&*
MM?:<TNQ#+.ZI[!&#5HC$OB#AS<EG6=%; __
_/LX-*WMUX6]C-$
 $@)#[\
M5S*K424K#[N?RUK^6M%Z
R:=A&_?.\AMJ)3&F\='Y3

@@4AYY2)T
UJ.4
MKI8)&YYRESW 4X9NV)**:E]



O9D]+%#
QL7=--_$H@AP3

8\G?R5!%5:,^A0OMN:[E$./8Y^7/2IPX$M*\F)U.S39WW
MY6(Y?Y)MI[6EY-0O9U9II905









!&&


JSO6J[*BW24T8WLX',H0-
MI!IJS23&UCI,*_0LPRF/(P9X);YC#0_B[[.L%K_UZI8%.O0&F=;D/5J$6RR


40P@
MLF'#&]^[8*2$



)#53*/#39:(4$LMM1B3;6M.AWLNQ3/\0%ZUW3#AA8!/I$5OQ3E




M:[B30C'+)00




M
G];?(G_7(YFUT5=M\'LV$
O

FNQT$PK[U&]NFB8X@5U?%SXUS4*
MAJ^NUSEL*I'[&R+U%S
6YB(60!;($BQ)7!-I[3ZK?$I4WP%&AW\%P^%4U?1%


MS1*5*4OG$$

M68V7J]$^HZSU;V4

M-+T/I?00_#BPM_9$RX;C
5_.E&36

ML[\;S6?%['KQ;K[.Y=S'(G#\)S

MPF-MZ@

VVB?XVF#[9-;\( *D;3

Z_J3&8$60NL

=4,58]93
M*)P'ZOZ9NG4RQ=,?2\7-]U@?<8+&%/.%D70X?H?Z_NFC1+W'= <TTRPBH$.
M@XUQ BGB!FO$:[=A$O9I*:S[CB]*V@*\M[/!!S/Q.M_G/3[[C@)WU\HD5(8;
M;XVDPGI$


^2A\Z-B_H_1M'9^V]Y2SS;^NV]FXU54

MH$(E+-$7ED2L'8*D)J8[#O

MZ CWTI$8/Q
)A$TMJ:0I(84&^(3LG.O:J9B_QH@HO^7+T[8V;7PQL\QC(S2/
M:=R =#R

M
GF_#DWSZ68T:\#67ON1

M?3O@Z]%K/S(6\$9(:J:@@)IS*K2N=0%%2CB& 3LA7N)8:UO7ES'NUC/0V4;;
M^NM98 -2!G+$69CX &/:N@IW3Y.2A0W84?/[&&.G:/@UCJP';]H?_+*G@?7R
MQS



;G[#@
4\0\  HC(NNS

G6
48&
EE [&.*R5V%KB
ME =4 YX+A\K)%-T

MZ8-0V!GIWVE6



MJM#Q+BT'S:N874X@2D) DA-Q/^
S[A=R.#4AXY$M91A[X:0C@A++*'8!UV




M@S?JU%I:T.@4J^MU;H=





3A-3$1]&0[;=\N4YREL=+TA,I]ZB-S$JE+12:^JU
MX)QB;[886(=\4C*3/XG7(O2#./ZL^AXS:VPBTZ^*V?6[NVU4^FU677
SFEU'


ME&-&!)40J4VRAUWNJ41$D#](6Y['%XFDY[OXFI$/J87U='S+_DY?5\='=3



MW8Z8\?28H'7D!SA+_#::QTI?\G-?TIYGUI  :P0L\
!:!X6U!#
6DYLYZ;03



8%UP);92%Q#CHL ='U



-^3@M_G[0^-Z9JQD51@J2D$B'' M<0<L%H
V?#2[W]P9PJ+0TF0$D 61A/

T( 4D!JZ;SW@ 
9
M_A-DHDXJ)5%2H

ML[]_?($4][_

M


N:0/FW0#N'OBWC;EYC[R%45R:S3Q-
@@*#
M$2*%$JR6 ?=0@_(_.A&J64KF/;%BB
2OKZ0OU
)186Q'CD@&+. F$HB#I(.



\TLD1AB8Z1V!EL4T+5M_;8[/&FMW[V.PX
M3'M\?Z0
Y082P9RP2&KNM=1UQS2_L-0




0Q6SL!$7


M
*MELE@?+.=?8ZKW\
_%73XN1M/QS6A^_2(%FE?.. * @]MF*;#$AO^*4DM
MB0I]]0#6K$Z)4=G:/=[7UB%Z]T1

M





PT\EM9;RH$&PAG!G:DQ\DF12%_7

$




P:7;KT(V63


;!.
ULHHHO$E



MO?760&T

0G\HKF^6B_55\32??K_5DZ#
M2F(OX_ER^-.4M[?E;-WG'09C*VUGGGL4L[!;IH06P0YG
:A TTPL[V[D*!


IGO #/#QICXYG4T$+G'PX;OZ63R?1
MX:7NXV;XG





$8\F$\YQ




8R0

ZVM%@A1PR@




8U 



  KT=LY+*3VPAAH@ZN%CC+N0
M)X5MJ//%K&(GXMB;
3):W
1CEO!'3$;U931='[PLS6@^_Q;FOG^
IJM]^^1&


P


7EA(ZI:XD8!@?P]9\KM1
M
=GFW@GSX3I'ST;^PQ-*@]H9%QP #ZGE3 ?3+\R@MI9;D:10DH-\*-42=]J'
MME]+N
%J]$@6$XP]$/[?.!_=

MWL#4C0=4V)\UX$:3ZAG607)+L7+2 V,!/$Q^_;\TE:P)NC
XJ^&MYT@&R?







M9;Q[M9R.Y=;N2AF2U&@+8=AP

;6!]!FLI69F




Z^#R2DM

\&#SKE/RF:
2(-A) $L1R3PH
'KIT

2[V38V'




5:



7&]QG![5?1J']PSD&J3DE.MEC?E

DJ]P801)!#5E&
/O:WDI%BDS%&#O*GM@D2)H)Z-/#$)X7'$





M



)1QC86%L#;NX[.+!$HW#VWV72_=_6KP?(RO^VY&=\5R
M-&UP[=2\D0Q0K


OQEE[BL_^5
?-&\E(3 ZD(#8D
V3O70HU=O^I5C\T8"@(&
MN9G2QEKDE!:F=J.63*=XE!]_9]YYZ+%^_8&[T<&9F;@962V]==C36*:%]181
M8#S88 RIVD]/KG0*5O? ;JP]?G6H3W4^^)B






)Y.(F/S5C(H+ R;

]V^@

=GSSW7P4T7!.Q
!V=FXM8_J)V#FSV-91HS*[PWAK.P


LZ0UY
M]W+E#$LJ#1.


M-ECS!!HO+)6..\K8TQ*8Y_I[K&7 JQ6L+\+ =W
3KBN[NUDX3[FL_'Q:+Q

 



IH/(


Y7.7\?QSA7JZ8


FNV.OW
XUZ5_
M%_3K3 F]O6:[NLK'RW=7[FN8IL.&Z$.8'-[-HDQJMDX7$MVUOHRF!R(:'=-

ZQ#O\S)/A9E\/O\6
M)NUU

M^[*HQA%%'''H
=3 6\J4K5]$:92?#J/#EVYH9J;=;O#./1C@/[GFA#2/?V

M KYG73


[^ZDV#L;9L0

8A9QKK=2!K-8
MI-@& YS/VR9+:\#V19]U/(SW\_+E3%POE
H$!E9:&P99@0/VR(*24'P+(?




9Z_!TL+]B)C%U1@3Z


-8:U
P
T10KY:#@%I%@60('*A&4L2DQ)N %GU!W



-^#<GEJ9=5I!
MI8%77CB&J(;W1IE
H5JQWOJ=G;G=BZJM8?\4$[.'T9NV%Q*GW!PWGI\DW4L

V%;&06]'(6;5C^3_%=;.)H.N&=56

G6.5.Z.-X%I8)Z3+)M ^KDM;T?%OBPO
M!^MFA#D
$(184B@Q=A!27
G





JI^1O'N VJ5VNM )I7X11X_'J=K4.(;;K#O
@AQJW

M!99R*)W7.NP+G/5;26E



MG.EJ$E;B%_U7CWZ&V
X'PL VD!$)

M11@



IDG%D#J!+(0 TH@!;2:VSDD+N5\]=3W9Q=!
MH%
1[F_U_$.-Q^4J!K2]?C\O9^&OXXV'^MRLL\R_F3TL4
S&Q=TTKU+1JTEY
M%]7]'ZM1*'!5C-?*W[O=O]3!


MG&';Q[XWIXS-K5Q
^K49
K.G%\#U._I]S\Z/:2;S%AE6-C=4ZD5911H6$A

5YN4XSR?K2-A5QN_U@^W*SVN?
MH7H;D81,8Y1:064QC, M:AG!^1HT@N 5X)]F8EM Q\7V1[:LI4.$4Y;$P:




-9
@):CT%@
)@/TN!@*Q.



MEP(QJ /4T!FH+:

M/P[5WN
UM!*ZE3&!PM1B%*0
&FJ-W 8C#(D1*]84#


+0-D2MMFRJDX-F/'HJ+'
M(A__Y;K\\O
D+S;


MI0$WCB--/+$05&)H6Q2Q*\!QK9I=2I(@[(C1FS2@R]]L1B/IO\O'\W=;&*#
MT#M(L:MX%C9F,O!8!]L'*N1QL*:K)5- J%/LA2$'I4SC14MH=CI9^&*:STWH
MU'4YWS]5/J986H\P
@)'3IL'::U^RV*E*Z0!=?5N=*%* [(@+U2GPI_1
M'21X62S1%*'E()

M7!*L#=60VFMY6PKAF0I^02&J#?;





-H3
M;ZG@U:FJM
HFN2D/

9OMW$R_6
MR'   4&@*596
LF%YF=S JA*0WDADYZ'W R-8VM21)!NCEGFRVB6FG5/E'
M.5T%S<PW9_#[C= G9;,PTWFG%:68&Y-V%M#O!5#82PN+49 J]1(P[);0W1S












FA?CZ&V6
M[.


QC!P(R%2: XI1GQ .TH%KFR4$6
MMHO^^1AY?R?]:32_?BC#^WP^CKJ_/N[*LDF#&5 J(
^B&H@!3G
6=T9K=)1P




+3_-N'
M-ZOU1[=./^.4]8@[KV3/2\41!Q# #@# N%O;6PDED CZ+H#WSY&C/B^.T
M






+][ BU-=@]$*
M+3#24H79'0

7PTA6B
%5L*TN/99]0SZMB!86.^MZ9PBG@N.5/ V
M#K+3K+.JS@1ZW
&[4(CP['1?)XM[LLWBY_V_]\O'QZ(_KG;'57BYY5!HS%
MSITWQEG)J/$0^-3P*(10$RLVF7+C+G(QPY4
&#II1^%J
7&G^XN. F3$-72

M%H(+;((S0QPB%



XT7+UOWZLC
M9(LJ:2=7(^Y$E5^6]ZO9U\_SV^ H;+]\W3D(C\!42]:X
$AA)!:*L/#^&0.D

MFD+M/?



2 _M^OPF_7:++_\
5\\5M!5BSMU^^_M
M?#U_W&C

!


M$:9)?F!$3C6%IMM&0T;H]
C(-O0QZDWYACRM-7)! 8
<<M#ZM/(:7!21]0



M

O-[&%2F_'9@ \X
MBS]K?O#?\\WG9^7B?W)-UF\6[J_;X&B_J(Q^?[_:^6V_KY;_I[P]=E^]V;^'

MBB@%L(@HK544J*DH5A[JL^=D/'T\1CC:]:B&J?PHN6O!3I^ED)H0RQS&(G
MA

*QX3!

MDP @[(SU6A@3NT\@++%CBA

ML
2\5\(;R;W#5 4_5<KD
MI#*EX,28,R:7J:$*AB-8\YY/$C/@ -%: 41EY39PRMD )^T1U1?S55[/M5#



&V*U0!(YD60G










MS[PSWOQ*W+Z_
:=X)9)@YG!!!@FA-=:[/$3A)E*^%W/5E%_


/.9E((R1HSSRI'3E=3QNC

09Y







VH.TP1! C+2$.]5,I3:#R),#T*IR3)L1XCCGH8-KI#NS&3-IGU)CE

Z





;%2():
$^@1
)#2&B2/;QE
Z<P@I#X1'4CJ3#.4N F'Q8
9CELX=Q?]T^;._FB_MWY6;WF[W9_E:N-[NYX<16:UO#
?R;OL0*'91<:?*/S09IO"Q)I^F@'K
M;%@W$Z?$7D -$,\YS1^A4]4?'Y:]Z604J?39Q1QD0!:Y8$69M3\JX(%33)[
M(R=2>[Y;.M2NV5 /]%$0K9UN=T%CC%*@
M.(.

*7M*).PK&

M4
O#[

(2(J8.H #Q


^]T$L &8STMLK2@R'K5

13RX?UR[/)F]6'

IHTS&[L%*.$;2(:F#GDRDBEPOJXI.D1]NDU;=WFZ_;!_
MNOLQM


MMKN6O;X\7(&@YDJ(\*X;Z#3@W 8_;H^

ME[-EGIX:N& 0&0$8
2Y
)59@1_U^QUSLZAIE

M5




T
Q)29YSA!SGV4@?QUU


ME

+@Q42(Z.AP]@;1Y72U
##M@S!$N:D.HRH;_5P
MO&M7 3W9O^!JA




_8WWLQ?T3')?7+6U\2@%IF$.0U(H@J8 #B(JT
MN8V055GMKE[MT=8 FAF8X3'H\EMH3YW7]X?6[7CL-3CGD86SX129
_C02

W%I)Z


.[N+S[\0N[S+2U^H

M%'!D0-H
WG<IU$/?R^%E

6C!R-O]SH99WS]F\7MJIRM2UL^?MV=36TV
MCS6
 _1FNXI-S[_43D1JYS
+:I B0MF L82&.
]02N+84V;Q?M?4M#Z6FX

7^TY4.NX/W'O




H93+U'3DCH



L 89R 4CQ.WE9@9D

M?50S]?SC_D






MT@.''C'/M-46RILL(?








@Z?'^:V<16_G3FT.4\)% N8.64#&));<<:J9)) B
MBVD2VJNLP[)1E6\=C(P]:ZA_TYFVLY+OOB]\W,!V5AJI ,A8A22EE@OE3%(


3&
M$I'.6.F-H;$M
^





F
 3AF:;J4;7!A J.





M 0]-0

- DWP9!GC6#




M_F5


N6H

(%9S'F/4
M+::& ^



MGUU%T


M&]J^K


MS E6*2;]&KVO%E_1-@'NWQ=[6Z&
TI&KXNH XY:H!!

MPI95[;OM39'L+3ULWXSZ6;V%
7Q8)7TBO

M*MU?,X5M5QZP#Q(LC


M?&6*2=#?3YT35L^G[?HAJ.UC%GD6(4W70AG]:,/&C5!8-:^P*@/%_.I626/
M?PPZN\:06L2L ]! XZGG00E6Y0DE



0HV3C
2H'!LYP@FV:R(LNX&]+VH]WQRK
M4IGEZ/6%(QKR


LB)


;FT\?9@]GSAQ/7ELHJ&D 1=%
M,+&4,Z+WG24P55#TFKT]H*W)Y$LNKJ,X+'I;*TGTW  %T#%U21BG),9.<4YD
M<B(II[G

MH=?U5-!O]




M4PZQ

M4J;=Q/K^M:/T.LDZ]?]UF0=18!FC@&$E.$*4G#[/ HI2?.36R/H1V%5T_6




+9\*LXRCW 6C! ]P*4ZZU

M\YSV
]?F:[9$RK:P[M@_?.KD]L


MHSV.VY%'V-9XK


M]J5*!

M0






MDHXKANG7P[9_\[6;?2\RJ-)]A0T6&0E&+3(.
&$\A3[)2O-Z^XQP%FR71UT@




M






MW -

M[S1\L_BZW:QWH
#J

6T;+R'



M7;BSX$99(@R5VD!K&086[CM#.NFPFM@/5?IRR[!'2:\MGY3!X()PM%R+F!

W23



PY7OYE N_R&#5J-.]
T.36D&S+[;L
M6E('/:S5XNY#N?HVOYTO[F\^'4OOB+[@^OB?+DY^;7Y

!\;%IR84E_\O:!($@X4%PHZX02@

#
MQAI;MH-;ISJ?+R[K_/DUA=#,64Z8(1H90S7Z] RBG5<^(XE%;T7D&;D/&







M07_&-AURW/RY*._4QBS7YQO%'[F^ )1C;1BQ82&.E03BJ;2-MYIE-7$8=2!$


+?E^MYU.F!EQ^#
MKG1XP'^=@:GE3RH(5%J:8&.IPH0S0-T3IDK)G%2/4;OQ^21;CDDQ?4U[%Z1


MJYR52H-]+W(4UOE.5

MYQIW%P(Y +R#Q%N



MZBUA%AM-#48
IV=GH-_\KI'K/ .W/I-'LUMH$!JF.26DA-PJBB6!*$D6.W%/





MUTU9GE[Z-1^LX







M:1(/3YCC@K4V?D& 
-!C%8PW-0)RP [11188D-7

MQC)Z_]_VX?NS)U*+._=PT;[5&*$ UL& )?4@O%_4 
U@.BRPF.8%'DQ]L[T[



 
6GMZ@S#
M.34]1N12]\6?EF#NBTCU.'1

MPU73)Q_AWID3!?_O


MD&;U&):7G5(^7CVUVH:][]GM@F5Z\=+0L*1@7DB=3RQ (ITX&VQSZKN'S]

_3(9@\/T24+J\1=782S?5RKWUP S3@35#)@PE3-G$I=;(,@*JQ)Q(:TC5O
M.D-\F+5:]WV#+8M).TPR;B46PC&=2H%CP

MA VK.4I!#$:6$(\HB_G.((BFDVC(LQ2O:(=[^ZA']ZJN4^?RMBTN,PT;$?&
M*0 AB )/J/;42L0H=BQAH7&U3HG:'AUT2E=VK9\\)^(.&2KEM]FF^UJUS[[

K#6

0Y









0*6A=



MSJP'5 9O )O'%8:T?3L(N)V/96=)Z!6U_.H-ZNYXMRO5:W_][.U_.=0LXO


M.2.]M]X:QC$.AOII2P_IB1QW=
*$JBQKC'9_VV$!MHSX\L+8X5UX;5F!DDM
MO=
^H



(7
MZ=
SPI5^RY3)QK.W7:&7O3LN[PH=N[[ @ ?R6ZCB 580D3!QB)QB
*N:Z@@C

19YZ
M)E8FRK
VBUSO G2Y(
';4A)0:P^ODS%X8GE0.2H^RY;&B#8
/(OIUW&V:]3^

1RBK'/?8J=%$G\N.$6Y(E4-3U-TGQY^.MD7=
M_;5Z0]M:@Q70:J*\H
HS F'PUSTYG.WJL+J;UF*Y52KU@GBK5NBQ:WSX10
C
M]
./5=XJ@
M5YP (TR%$ $K


'KO-N]X




D:_W]B5+Y\-\[!$RZ+8R^6P!X(R:80%



WB(

MW4]3K_JRW-8XA3D[2@%DF








WO4Q;S/K!M$S7:/Z


B+_=S%9'%OBVC89/(+6($H@9@HXX@DF;B\/


M/EIN3K]WOG+NVPQ. @J0A) KJP6P$J.]7D^LS?&[NB!?^



M:RI@;(3VD$:LI74$&H'0#A%*O
YRYOVYZ-8+X



99L5@CFK(KRUKAQZ



M7UD!JWS1=PCF8*'INXWP;0W7YQ?/!D&=
AI!P2  GJBX(%;*%Z$^JX#X& G2
'S22N<X3^RFM!"%5(99
MSK3U$#I?:7H4$I'CXC.BB[(^F=0!K$

M=I7!_\?\:#6-1NT$I)B3RG+N*0.:0
NMVV'!C/8Y^D]]]VZYI=B\^++IYT4R

YGFXD$\%L=&RY%P

V;KV#W&)


ML1V_XSWP1K $1#6;$L&9I43'E4CRS?@LD)*;' ? $;&G
RF_2%_2!:KG9
W6
M*#N=5.GDNQ%#&O^#



MK(I)ET&1EB(M^\2Y)55^FY:KU?0H)QX_$HR C#FB' 1(H/A7I;8SPS
=+? K


/!PT1@M&N


6$(*N(@)5!0 2R U5@8




E646
1YBRL&OM(A?/LW#DI;QRM,!8Z^EE\;%
M&:D3E




M:=P=B[?3[\5S0/Y8%G?K.*ONCOFKUGD]
$RYXDQI#3PBB%OK5#5R+Y^78N_W

'FBT6J0

8'T2H9'O1S/(
M1^[[H:C$SGEMJ&18&0


MH




 &25B

4
MB#.PEPIQZDHNB
Y VXZ1'P'7U





]$S2
W^#DA[FN.4
M
X<F@JC)
MX%;S\
C:,,[S\+!8KB#POT7@V%. <48\)IP+%+IVP=\#<C9O.5/2?9Q6Q

MYPBNCIWXSY%EI45K 3LMN%?QOTB9:%)#;4R%C0+\2NJ5=
Z4@]5N^D)^L%BO




M&VN=.7SLM8L8X[9.+!H'@)/A:=V/UK KZS23=R?S6S9B?PGG
&JYO5]/MT



.-!\(-YR2[!0
MT@M/=3&R1UR%B=8^Z

MK%H_K%=9)23KN[/)[2R8%U^2O?EK'@PDS5'.@T_%:C7;9-E:_FNZ^AJ?3U)8

M8G2L/[](+^^(DU(**3

O[]Z0<F4Y=L Z;M)A


MA72-;!(

ML6Y-X CZOOL?HY;^U$)2*U_$Z3F9;4^#RL6/)P\?P:2#UH-*M28EPM1S)2WQ
M$B.QPPX+S7\B+[#:+K/+86V9W[_^/2/^$%ULUI-_EZ\3JU7GPN,4:(I1@*







MA##.L.+4

MC1023&MI
3F87PZZS /7ODM1+?0_HK3J.O*;R#%2D*HTFFC:) *%;AZKC(
+=7$LVU%&JP$2(J UW#HM*,!:0K-7
MO[TF6<KFU5^[#^ 

F'F6NVIU@_# C&I^
M07[\Q: UA98+  2Q )*H[(*1:.UR3&VFMM:9\VPE<FG;@^-K\+(9BE&D=;
M$G#@DD5I]J/'VN8$WER8G=667KT /33-GFSB[<E6IYG@%;6$.L92/F0N4@#P
MKH*JL=0#FD&Y_


M^/0\]69R'$OWD


_YM/5[B F)=QY/_^X

XPH@R3SGWTADK.:P DIKGY-%L?&UP[BCCIDP=

MCZG_W'PO&*L4\




MW4G6YE2-E.Z#&-H]ZPC _P8;#XOLGDN

M0^\4DSKJK]RI2H@8

M]5MG/&H#[-EH\[+P2Q
.O7P[$
: 


;FMU!G/=/JC#_-86WI


MZ 7@


;:H/W\K.N-5U!;$W?XB+'SNEK#
]W9CNC9O-G&H]F:
J=P0I5/^5-4A50T







M[Y-_EXOIZL?[O^;%[:?UG\OI[33:WG]$RWN^+&?3VX3+01JU:58H[GT#KG

MIV
]^GR E&
FTBR




H0P(0&

=4
Y3ICB2QKL*A0X.#:

BX+&H&\G5?%KEH/G
'+!?.

?#!<6:ZY
M(LPX0Y/8.*^0\]C]U)=Y@Z[





MEGL=*[V[D


=$2[\%G]J=B5J3:O_^U


?=H(%C7DA






V(6_'DU-L'PD$&D(PM=88


M\R
?S\%N.6K&8SZ-XL

 R8)MJX:FQ
99W^P
9'TI='EY
M/1=A#IM )]X(GEH$N?(1&P%07NMQ]7X-% YY\]PE(FW^R5-.UC/X(5AI]^G
MM\7\=M]S

MMVQQ
?





M;C(!:I6
N^@95%M.AV=0R'.L=Z$R? W70^715OI]^+%&8RF7^9QOYND\/J


G1U(HNWYTF(R
MOTT?71Y

M1RM4_-?SU2G^*'R





*!NI6O)D@]K^L

M(]!H@B4^W5)HBM)Q=3/LMX8OO[%;8[MXN9=$E%



MB3_(BED:#S\ZENMSMF0@VM((

8IL)Z@L=
MUD*.K^2J,%,H94?PM92KGTV^EXM/Y6R]B;L\*MY7GPW40 J\]@1H*WT1MO]

V__F P2$4C5 IG
;;*DNMWG705DORF'\


M S1;+@N;H.+B[^GJ)G;B^$;_VJ

M#F?
S6*;7WXKYL5B
E/S6W5[/YU/4\#/:OJ]J&+43ZX7C=H)0@NJ*04

:0\
YJ]ZN@2<_#YP*W#!D#ML-<$*(4L





*2[
MEK*I7=*C&R2'8D8Z#/MK.IO]:S%=K8KY^[N[C\5L
Q?+3Y.4T:JZ.?UC?KRB




MV-8SV@_\&T&^VM8IY7M+5\L11I(  P06DD'N$52
6X^L@MK)6H&.+3K[:7U_



)K
[M-0H

*
M


KNURBA%+P2QZ5+



]\6'$


W*@[ []T9@\![%Y&-W\-EVPU:HK

MJ&8IKFSY\=


3J=@._!&



MO&MHXW4Q







MX\Q\US]3QB#$2]E1=@
N]EOKYCAML


MOA:


@%K*!8
L%7;C0L@(;84N'#CP

*?\J%KMAWQ\M7-SG9X


#DZW@6%_5W'
MW.I

P@@)'/24

9/7M'%E^D\0:4GLQ3JUMQ/\SS=
:+W#Q?CGIL.G#['@;$0#.I!Q30ELJ


'


-;T





[]*9

CHK/.OZ==)Y;2GS3DF(



SSFR;!QEL;4*W?S71!PQ!:YH&IZEFDJ'W0O00D0QLIH0#R1!3FA:








\^WQLU)%@@78*:RLM






8!*$$T5@[A@ F;
MXSH_2N.[S(\W\GZ0'JD


M-+.6


M]7


(

)EQUV])YY?=)'/\6/S8#R0.*KDUK.-








&
P2$!08E



M*2SP_5WR7OM8W


H6CV4HMTX)0A7)X!
'/JJ5WAO=@



M_*6.&$H
R3K\A*-R8QB2;;U@/Q3SWG\K4C?G7][
;\K[XFVY/+;]O?)TH$HB

MXR\&*;$T3C



M?KOYYVPSG&5]DK5N
Q@%C#*(THB*T)2=BQPPAIE'
=-R+_@!X9.!3T0]'S

I=#@?
MDF6Z#DQ_)$^K[Y-9REK18#^L\WZ0#JD&38.:V4)PH#8W=@QTR(G_F!$7@)]
M;HP]P#P4Q=[
O\?.EHL?]5EUZ)54TXM:)QEV!$ -87(5/T-&M_&V%^S!Z(









MC_W:C

#:]P




6=




M=0CQX/0ZGH;J\6/!(0Z5P= 3X2P#&)-JY$PBG-\YYNG 2WCYG.!5&F.XW!^
M7,6W:,KM[INVWM7'J/'J\P%S YQQ@D9SD! O).L&ILS]*J*\?2N!74!\:!A

M+.R5)X

EA?&VL;N56=@GN4&M-57YD^:R[ORV.
M)[\X^E[*J)UR:!MC%)
(*R\XV8Y5B+C
7DG9LUYIU ?00Y%J7ZOD
1BG&'7X





)4^/M +2UUJ1Z
M!5'GI.G*WNYM&

.0Q3J*:3KY


H

3:SO=[8DHY



.M\DF?'%3CW*@;?$^5*.GPX%#JA&0B$&



4FBP8=L !3QE60FVE02F3LKM
M]+5&_.GF:W&[GA7O[XYWOUZ-BLP6@^;42F$C)(A1%_=$STV%C09FT.NL/K7+
M/NA2GD
$(ULLVN



]NQ[OJM^[F)@SK=TT_=L*5



3J@L

M:V
M
C Q.#$Q

X3B^!=DB='   *U0! !
M             ( !Z@$# &UK8RTR
#$X
3$S


M    @ 'N4P
 ;6MC+3(P
3@Q
3
P7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !/HSA.
MLZ=CZ/UF 0$9Q, %               @ &Y$@0 ;6MC+3(P,3@Q,3,P7VQA
M8BYX;6Q02P$% 

#
end



